franc will fight ec farm propos - minist french agricultur minist francoi guillaum warn that franc would flatli reject propos reform of the european commun , ec , cereal , sugar and oilse sector , which he said would disrupt these market . the ec commiss 's propos to shorten the intervent period and lower monthli premium for cereal and increas the financi burden on the sugar produc will also result in lower real price for produc , he told farmer here . `` i give you my word that franc , while it will not reject technic adjust or seriou discuss , will simpli repli in the neg to these bad reform , '' guillaum told the annual confer of the countri 's major farm union , fnsea ( feder national de syndicat dexploit agricol ) . commun agricultur minist are due to meet again monday to tri and agre a packag of reform to curb spiral ec output and fix farm price for 1987/88 . relat between the govern and farmer have becom strain in franc in recent month . there have been sporad but frequent demonstr by farmer protest over sharp fall in meat and pork price and further cutback in commun milk output . but guillaum 's warn that he would reject reorganis of the ec cereal and sugar market -- franc be a major produc of both crop -- won him warm applaus from the fnsea 's farmer . hi pledg to fight the ec propos and push for the complet dismantl of the system of cross border tax design to smooth out currenc differ known as monetari compensatori amount , mca 's , howev , are unlik to avoid further protest by produc . farm leader raymond lacomb said the union plan to go ahead with a seri of major protest both in franc and abroad against the ec commiss 's propos to overhaul the farm sector . `` the minist 's propos back up our determin to organis union action in the come week , '' he told report , ad that thi could also act in guillaum 's favour on a ministeri level . guillaum wa head of the fnsea for mani year befor be appoint farm minist last spring . lacomb refus to say whether the farmer felt that guillaum wa do a good job as farm minist . there have been certain advanc on cut product cost , reduc fiscal cost and award drought aid , but there are still area where more could be done such as on farmer ' indebted , he said . guillaum told the confer the govern will make avail 2.4 billion franc ( 396 mln dlr ) to help produc reduc milk output and to encourag older farmer to retir . the govern ha alreadi announc financi aid for the milk sector and it wa not clear how much of the packag announc today wa new aid , lacomb said .