unilev ha improv margin , volum in 1986 unilev plc & lt ; un.a > and nv group report improv in margin and underli sale volum growth of five pct in 1986 after strip out the effect of fall price , dispo and currenc movement , unilev plc chairman michael angu said . he told report that volum in north america increa some 10.5 pct while european consum good rose about 2.5 pct after be flat for some year . much of the dispo strategi , aim at concentr activ on core busi , had now been complet , he note . but the process of acquisit would go on , with strateg acquisit take place `` from time to time , `` he said . the compani earlier report a 20 pct rise in pre-tax profit for 1986 to 1.14 billion stg from 953 mln previou . in guilder term , howev , profit at the pre-tax level drop three pct to 3.69 billion from 3.81 billion . angu said the recent purcha of chesebrough-pond 's inc & lt ; cbm.n > for 72.50 dlr a share wa unlik to bring ani earn dilut . howev , it would not add much to profit , with much of the compani 's oper profit pay for the acquisit cost . financ director niall fitzgerald ad that while gear - debt to equiti plu debt - rose to about 60 pct at end 1986 from 35 pct last year , thi wa expect to drop back to about 40 pct by end-1987 . the same diverg wa made in full year dividend , with unilev nv 's rise 3.4 pct to 15.33 guilder and unilev plc 's increa 29.9 pct to 50.17p , approxim in line with the chang in attribut profit . angu said the prospectu for the sale of part of chesebrough wa due to be publish shortli . howev , he said that there wa no target date for complet the process . he also declin to say what sort of sum unilev hope to reali from the oper , beyond note that chesebrough had paid around 1.25 billion dlr for stauffer chemic co , which oper outsid unilev 's core activ . in the u.s. , organ growth from the lipton food busi , consid expan in the household product busi and in margarin had been behind the over sale increa . howev , he note that the u.s. household product busi had turn in a plan loss , with fourth quarter perform better than expect despit the anticip heavi launch cost of it surf deterg .