oil execut see gradual rise in price top execut with tenneco corp & lt ; tgt > and sabin corp & lt ; sab > said they expect world oil price to gradual increas over the next two year as u.s. relianc on import of oil from the middl east grow . `` i believ we have bottom out and can look forward to a trend of gradual increas price , '' c.w . nanc , presid of tenneco oil explor and product , told a meet of the petroleum equip supplier associ . nanc predict that by 1990 , the organ of produc and export countri would be produc at the rate of 80 pct of capac . the gain will come larg through increas import to the unit state , he said . `` they will be abl to rais the price again but i do not think they will rais it as much as they did in 1979 , '' nanc said . he did not say how much of a price hike he expect . andrew shoup , chairman of dallas-bas sabin , predict that world oil price would increas from a rang of 15 to 20 dlr a barrel in 1987 to a rang of 17 to 22 dlr a barrel in 1988. natur ga price , shoup said , should similarli climb from a rang of 1.30 to 1.70 dlr per mcf thi year to between 1.50 and 1.90 dlr per mcf in 1988 . `` fuel switch could help us as much as five pct in increas demand , '' shoup said , refer to the ga industry' outlook for 1987. repeal of the fuel use act , a feder law prohibit the use of natur ga in new manufactur plant and util , could increas demand for ga by as much as 15 pct , he said . tenneco 's nanc also said that some u.s. citi may experi peak day shortag in natur ga suppli next winter becaus of the industri 's reduc deliver . tenneco 's ga deliver , for exampl , drop by 20 pct dure 1986 , he said . `` thi doe not mean the ga bubbl is gone , '' nanc said . `` we believ ga price have bottom out . the real question is how broad the valley is -- is it one year , two year or three year befor we start to climb out ? '' j.c. walter of & lt ; walter oil and ga corp > , said the recent improv in oil price wa not enough for independ produc to begin new onshor drill project . `` if crude oil stay below 20 dlr a barrel and 1.50 dlr per mcf for natur ga prevail , the prospect for onshor explor at deeper depth in the texa gulf coast by independ in the 1990 are pretti dismal , '' walter said . he suggest that some independ may instead turn to explor in shallow feder offshor leas . farm-out agreement , cheap rig rate and less competit have held find cost in those area to five or six dlr a barrel , walter said .