report say soviet econom plan too optimist the soviet economi ha grown at an increa rate under mikhail gorbachev 's leadership , but hi goal may be too ambiti , accord to a report from u.s. intellig agenc . the report wa prepar jointli by the central intellig agenc and the defen intellig agenc for the congress joint econom committ , which relea it . it said the soviet economi grew by 4.2 pct in 1986 , gorbachev 's first full year in power , twice the averag rate of growth over the previou 10 year . gorbachev 's polici to improv worker attitud , remov incompet offici , reduc corrupt and alcohol and modern the countri 's industri equip account for some of the gain , the report said . `` although mani of the specif polici gorbachev ha adopt are not new , the inten gorbachev ha brought to hi effort and hi appar commit to find long-term solut are attribut that hi immedi predecessor lack . nonetheless , gorbachev 's program appear too ambiti on a number of count , `` the report said . earlier thi week , two u.s. expert on the soviet union said gorbachev wa like to be oust in three to four year if he continu hi reform polici . `` i do n't think he can last four year , `` marshal goldman of harvard univ told a congress hear . `` he 's move so fast , he 's step on so mani toe . `` a similar comment came from peter reddaway of the smithsonian institut 's kennan institut for advanc russian studi . the econom report said meet target for commod output would requir unrealist gain in product and industri output target appear too high to allow time to instal more advanc equip . none of gorbachev 's propo would chang the system of econom incent that ha discourag innov and technolog chang , the report ad . `` the first signif resist to specif polici , although not over goal , surfac ( in 1986 ) in both the massiv govern and parti bureaucraci , particularli among enterpri manag who complain that they were be ask to carri out conflict goal -- such as to rai qualiti standard and output target simultan , `` the report said . the cia-dia report predict two to three pct growth in the soviet economi over the next sever year . it said the soviet union trail the u.s. by seven to 12 year in advanc manufactur technolog , such as comput and microprocessor .