fed data indic polici like to stay on hold feder reserv data relea today indic that there ha been no polici chang in recent week and that none is like at next week 's feder open market committ ( fomc ) meet , economist said . `` the fed continu to be accommod in it provi of reserv , indic that there ha been no polici shift sinc the begin of thi year , `` said harold nathan , economist at well fargo bank . `` these number and other thing suggest the fomc will not chang polici , `` said robert brusca of nikko secur co. `` the fed is sit fairli pretti now . there 's no real reason for it to chang polici , `` said joseph liro of s.g. warburg and co inc. liro said the economi is show moder growth and doe not requir immedi polici ea and the money aggreg may well end march at the bottom of their target rang . all of the economist agr that the fed 's major concern now is recent weak in the dollar which earli thi week wa heavili support by central bank . they said fear of hurt the dollar will cau the fed to be cautiou in lower interest rate further . number relea by the fed today were all in line with expect and similar to the data for most of thi year . the fed said that bank ' net free reserv averag 603 mln dlr in the two-week statement period that end on wednesday versu 749 mln dlr in the previou period . in the singl week to wednesday , bank ' borrow at the discount window , less extend credit , averag 302 mln dlr compar with 228 mln dlr in the first week of the statement period . meanwhil the feder fund rate averag edg up to 6.14 pct from 6.08 pct . the fed 's failur to add reserv in the market on tuesday and wednesday surpri some , but economist said the data relea today suggest it had no real need to add reserv . the fed 's absenc may be explain by the lack of ani press need for it to suppli reserv and by a desir to boost borrow in the second week of the statement period to meet it borrow target , said liro of warburg . liro said the fed probabl is shoot for a two-week borrow averag of 300-325 mln dlr . the borrow actual averag 265 mln dlr in the latest statement period and that wa up from 191 mln dlr in the prior period . brusca of nikko agr that the fed probabl is aim for two-week averag discount window borrow of around 300 mln dlr . he said that would correspond to a feder fund rate of around 6.10 pct . it is nearli imposs for the fed to hit ani borrow target sinc the demand for excess reserv is errat , said well fargo 's nathan . he said the fed is focu instead on the fund rate and is tri to keep it roughli within a six to 6-1/4 pct band . upward fund rate pressur and a big reserve-ad need are anticip for the statement period that began today . more brusca believ the fed will have to add 3.5 to four billion dlr a day in reserv in thi statement period . liro put the add need at around 3.9 billion dlr . to partli address thi requir , mani expect the fed to add perman reserv with effect next thursday by offer to buy all matur of treasuri bill on wednesday . a similar coupon `` pass `` may be requir later . there will be a greater demand for fund in thi statement period becau it includ the close of the quarter . further upward pressur on the feder fund rate may come from window dress demand as the japan fiscal year end on march 31 .