gatt warn u.s. on feder budget , protect the unit state ' emphasi on it foreign trade deficit is misplac and the countri 's real problem lie in it larg feder budget deficit , the gener agreeement on tariff and trade ( gatt ) said . by stress it record trade deficit of 169.8 billion dlr last year , the u.s. wa fuell protectionist pressur which threaten the world trade system , it said in an annual report . the fundament problem , the size of the u.s. feder budget deficit , could be remedi onli by cut govern spend or encourag person save to financ the debt , it said . gatt also predict world trade would grow by onli 2.5 pct in 1987 -- a full percentag point lower than in each of the previou two year . gatt expert urg washington to resist protect and instead seek macroeconom chang to reduc the current account payment deficit -- higher privat save , lower invest and a smaller feder budget deficit . rai u.s. trade barrier `` would result in littl or no reduct in the current account deficit . it would , howev , increa inflat and reduc world trade , `` it said . `` the basic cau -- some combin of insuffici domest save and an excess budget deficit -- would remain , `` the report said . gatt economist said trade expan would slow thi year becau of slower growth forecast in japan and some west european nation as they adjust product and workforc to a low dollar , risk of higher u.s. inflat , concern over third world debt manag and loom protect . the report also said imbal in the current account of japan , west germani and the u.s. had increa in 1986. the most like explan wa that exchang rate chang were not back by chang in macroeconom polici , it ad . `` thu the predict that these imbal would be reduc as a result of the major realign of exchang rate wa not born out last year , `` the report said . gatt warn there wa a risk of a sizeabl increa in the u.s. inflat rate under the combin impact of a rapidli expand money suppli and low dollar . `` such a develop could worsen the busi climat by increa uncertainti and push up interest rate , which , in turn , would adver affect world trade . `` but the report note a surpri rise in import to the unit state , despit the dollar 's depreci which make foreign product more expen . it suggest that resourc idl in the u.s. , both human and in underutili factori , were not gear to produc the good and servic sought from abroad . world trade in manufactur grew by onli three pct in 1986 , about half of the rate of the previou year . trade in agricultur good expand by just one pct , continu a stagnant pattern in that sector thi decad , gatt said . develop countri ' export declin significantli , while their import increa moder , although full statist are not avail yet , gatt said . the combin export earn of 16 major indebt nation were sharpli lower , and onli five of them ( chile , colombia , philippin , south korea , and thailand ) had higher export .