india step up countertrad deal to cut trade gap india is search for non-communist countertrad partner to help it cut it trade deficit and conserv foreign exchang . wheat , tobacco , tea , coffe , jute , engin and electron good , as well as miner includ iron ore , are all on offer in return for crude oil , petroleum product , chemic , steel and machineri , trade sourc told reuter . most of the impetu behind countertrad , which began in 1984 , come from two state trade firm -- the state trade corp ( stc ) and the miner and metal trade corp ( mmtc ) . `` the two state trade corpor are free to use their buy power in respect to bulk commod to promot indian export , '' a commerc ministri spokeswoman said , ad that privat firm are exclud from countertrad . one trade sourc said india ha target countri that depend on an indian domest market recent open to foreign import . howev , countertrad deal still make up onli a small part of india 's total trade and are like to account for less than eight pct of the estim 18.53 billion dlr in trade dure the nine month end decemb , the sourc said . countertrad account for just five pct of india 's 25.65 billion dlr in trade dure fiscal 1985/86 end march , against almost noth in 1984/85 , offici figur show . howev , the figur exclud exchang with the eastern bloc paid in non-convert indian rupe , the sourc said . total trade with the soviet union , involv swap of agricultur produc and textil for soviet arm and crude oil , is estim at 3.04 billion dlr in fiscal 1986/87 , against three billion in 1985/86 . indian countertrad , which is be promot mainli to help narrow the countri 's larg trade deficit , is still insignific compar with agreement reach by indonesia , venezuela and brazil , the trade sourc said . the trade deficit , which hit an estim record 6.96 billion dlr in 1985/86 , is expect to declin to 5.6 billion in the current fiscal year . but the push to includ non-communist countri in countertrad is also due to other factor , includ the slow growth of foreign reserv , a tight debt repay schedul , shrink aid and trade protection , businessmen said . one sourc said india is show more dynam in promot countertrad deal than in the past , when the deal were made discreetli becaus they break gatt rule . as a member of the gener agreement on tariff and trade ( gatt ) , india can not offici support barter . the mmtc 's recent countertrad deal includ iron ore export to yugoslavia for steel structur and rail . `` mmtc 's recent global tender now includ a claus that prefer will be given to parti who accept payment in kind for good and servic sold to india , '' a trade offici said , ad that the polici remain flexibl . `` we also take into account other factor such as price at which the good and servic are offer to india , '' the trade offici said . earli thi year the commerc ministri quietli told foreign compani interest in sell aircraft , ship , drill rig and railway equip to india that they stood a better chanc if they bought indian good or servic in return , the trade sourc said . illustr the point , the offici said a south korean firm recent agre to sell a drill platform worth 40 mln dlr to the state-run oil and natur ga commiss . in return , the south korean gave a verbal assur to buy indian good worth 10 pct of the contract , against the 25 pct sought by new delhi , the trade offici said . `` we select the korean firm becaus it bid wa the lowest , '' he ad . countertrad is help african countri short of foreign currenc to import good . india ha sign a trade protocol to buy up to 15,000 tonn of asbesto fibr from zimbabw in exchang for indian good , includ jute bag and car . but despit india 's new drive , countertrad ha some inher problem , they ad . `` it is not alway easi to meet the basic requir that the trade should alway be balanc , '' one trade sourc said . `` the other problem is it is often difficult to suppli or buy commod which the other parti want . '' anoth ad , `` barter is also restrict . we look upon it as a temporari measur to get over the current balanc of payment difficulti . `` thi is whi countertrad ha not been made a law in india . it doe not even figur in the countri 's foreign trade polici . ''