econom spotlight - dutch exchang rate polici recent slack on dutch capit market ha led some banker to question the central bank ' polici of peg the guilder firmli to the west german mark and to ask for more flexiblil in exchang rate polici . while agr with the bank 's commit to defend the guilder strongli , some banker want the bank to make more use of the rang within which the guilder and the mark can fluctuat against each other in the european monetari system ( em ) . roelof nelissen , chairman of amsterdam-rotterdam bank nv ( amro ) said the central bank 's polici wa overcauti . `` i would like to suggest that the bank use more freeli the rang given to the guilder in the em , `` nelissen said at the present of amro 's 1986 annual report last week . within the em , the mark is allow to fluctuat against the guilder between 110.1675 and 115.235 guilder per 100. the central bank maintain a stricter polici and tri to keep the mark below the 113.00 guilder per 100. it regard a stabl exchang rate as it main target , use interest rate polici to influenc the exchang rate . the prefer of exchang rate goal abov interest rate aim goe almost undisput in the netherland . critic say the bank keep the rein unnecessarili short . rabobank nederland said in it latest econom bulletin : `` by maintain the 113.00 limit , the central bank rai the expect it will alway interven abov that level . if it suddenli need more flexibl it will find it veri hard to obtain . `` amro 's nelissen said rel small chang in interest rate and exchang rate could cau substanti flow of secur busi and sharp fluctuat on the dutch capit market . larg interest rate chang were often need to bring about small chang in the guilder/mark exchang rate , he ad . unlik amro , algemen bank nederland nv ( abn ) say thi is a price the dutch have to pay . it fulli agr with the central bank 's polici , director-gen julien geertsema told reuter , note a 1983 deci not to revalu the guilder fulli with the mark in the em hurt confid in the dutch currenc . `` it is a piti we need such a wide interest rate differ between west germani to maintain the exchang rate , `` he ad . interest rate differenti between west germani and the netherland are the main factor that trigger capit flow between the two countri , as the econom perform of the two doe not differ much , economist said . data on 1986 capit flow between west germani and the netherland have not yet been relea , but in 1985 they account for onli 10 pct of total trade flow between the two countri , put at 110 billion guilder for 1986 by the dutch-german chamber of commerc earlier thi month . economist say capit flow are more sensit to interest and exchang rate . west germani is the netherland ' largest singl trade partner , take 28 pct of dutch export and provid 26 pct of import in the last quarter of 1986 , central bureau of statist figur show . at the moment , the rate for three month euromark deposit trade around 4.0 pct while the same deposit in guilder have a rate of around 5-7/16 pct . amro bank argu that the dutch real interest rate will even rise further becau of expect of deflat here in 1987 , contrast with slight inflat in west germani . in the netherland , the cost of live is expect to decrea by 1.5 pct at a gnp growth rate of two pct , the dutch central plan agenc said in it 1987 forecast last month . german gnp is seen rise by two to 2.5 pct , but with inflat between zero and 1.0 pct , accord to most german forecast . but despit thi upward push on real dutch rate , money dealer do not expect the central bank to cut offici rate independ without prior move by the bundesbank . follow the west german interest rate cut on januari 22 , the dutch central bank did not lower it rate but set a 0.5 pct lower tariff for special advanc and abandon it credit surcharg . most trader were surpri by thi move as they had expect the bank to follow suit uncondit , they said . the bank said it lower the rate with the largest impact on the money market as far as the exchang rate permit . while not entir unsympathet to critic of it polici , the central bank keep it grip firm and the rang narrow . `` the european monetari system is not onli a relationship between the guilder and the mark . mani time widen of the margin between the two would implic we have to buy or sell larg amount of a third currenc , `` central bank vice-director jan-hendrik du marchi sarvaa said . `` if we allow the guilder to becom a littl cheaper , the market would start to believ it wa weak . we do n't want that . we want to make clear that the guilder is just as strong as the mark , `` he said .