nakason hard-press to sooth u. anger on trade prime minist yasuhiro nakason will visit washington next month in a bid to defus mount u.s. anger over japanes trade polici , but western diplomat said they believ hi chanc of success were slim . box in by power polit pressur group and widespread opposit to hi tax reform plan , nakason will be hard-press to come up with anyth new to tell u.s. presid ronald reagan and key u.s. congressmen , they said . news of the week-long visit start april 29 coincid with news that japan record a 8.14 billion dlr trade surplu last month , more than 70 pct higher than a year earlier . it also came one day after the reagan administration' econom polici council decid to take retaliatori action against japan for it alleg failur to live up to a joint trade agreement on comput microchip . nakason want to go arm with two separ packag - one design to pep up japan 's sag economi and import in the short-term , the other to redirect the countri in the medium term away from it over-depend on export for growth . but govern offici said polit infight could rob both packag of much of their punch and might even prevent one from see the light of day . nakason ha insist that the govern would not draw up a packag of short-term econom measur until after it 1987/88 budget pass parliament becaus he fear that would amount to a tacit admiss that the budget wa inadequ . but hi hope for quick passag of the budget in time for hi trip have been shatter by a parliamentari boycott by opposit parti protest over the sale tax plan . face with the possibl that he might have to go to the u.s. virtual empty-hand , nakason today order hi rule liber democrat parti ( ldp ) to come up with it own measur . he can then tell reagan the ldp packag will form the basi of the govern 's plan , without lose face in parliament over the budget , polit analyst said . offici work on the govern 's short-term econom packag said it would probabl includ interest rate cut on loan by govern corpor , deregul , measur to pass on some of the benefit of the strong yen to consum in the form of lower price , and acceler public invest . they said a record portion of state invest plan for the entir 1987/88 fiscal year will take place in the first half , probabl over 80 pct . diplomat said that wa unlik to be enough to satisfi reagan , who is under pressur from the democrat-control u.s. congress to take greater action to cut the huge american trade deficit . to complement the short-term measur , nakason is also like to present reagan with detail of japan 's longer-term econom plan . a high-rank advisori bodi head by former bank of japan governor haruo maekawa is expect to come up with a final report outlin concret step to redirect the economi day befor nakason is schedul to leav for washington . it recommend are design as a follow-up to maekawa 's report last year on econom restructur and are like to cover such potenti polit explos area as agricultur reform and land polici , offici said . while want to make the report as explicit and detail as possibl , they said the polit realiti might forc them to water down some of the committe 's recommend . a subcommitte is consid what the japanes economi might look like in the medium to longer term after it undergo massiv restructur , offici said . the subcommitte project that the current account surplu will fall to less than two pct of japan 's total output , or gross nation product , around 1993 or 1995. last year the surplu , which measur trade in good and servic , amount to over four pct of gnp . the subcommitte also project annual econom growth for japan of nearli four pct over that period and a veri gradual appreci of the yen , to about 130 to the dollar by around 1993 , from 150 now .