uk may revok japan financ licen the british govern may revok the licenc of select japan bank and secur compani oper in london 's financ citi when they come up for renew next summer if progress is not made toward open up japan 's market to foreign competit , govern sourc said . `` we ca n't say `` ye , we are go to do it ( revok licenc ) `` but thi is definit be consid , `` an offici said . hi comment came after the govern wa formal urg today by a cross-sect of influenti mp to take joint retaliatori action with the unit state against japan . britain ha grown increasingli impati with japan trade practic . `` there 's a sen of urgenc here now , but the emphasi is on secur - not undermin - our interest in japan , `` anoth govern offici told reuter . prime minist margaret thatcher said on thursday that britain would not hesit to use new power contain in the financ servic act 1986 and the bank bill to retali against countri that do not offer reciproc market access . she clearli had japan in mind , govern sourc said . the u.k. last year show a trade defict with japan of 3.7 billion stg , offici figur show . a parliamentari motion , sign by 98 mp , today urg the u.k. govern to `` coordin action with the presid of the unit state , and through the depart of trade and industri , to suspend all further applic from japan commun compani for equip approv by the british approv board for telecommun , and all further applic from japan financ institut for licenc `` until author in japan stop impo what the mp call `` restrict condit `` on the bid by ( cabl and wireless plc ) ( cawl.l ) and it u.s. and japan partner for a stake in japan 's intern telecommun market . the motion for retaliatori step came from a cross-sect of mp , reflect the strength of feel insid parliament . parliamentarian said their action would increa pressur on the conserv govern to take firm action . offici said anoth option now be consid by the u.k. is to refu issu new bank licenc to japan institut . that could be done under the govern ' propo bank bill now move through parliament . 58 japan financ institut are authori to deal in london , of which 29 are bank . in tokyo , 14 london-ba firm are authori to do financ busi , offici said . the new financ servic and bank act offer britain an altern for retali which would be otherwi deni under legally-bind intern trade agreement . `` the financ servic act give ( trade and industri secretari paul ) channon power to stop firm from engag in invest , bank and insur , `` one offici said . `` thi point ha been made to the japan at offici level a number time , `` the offici ad . britain and franc are now work togeth to urg that the european commun take collect action against japan , but by work within ec treati , anoth offici said . british trade minist alan clark said thi week in a radio interview that the european commun should build barrier against japan import through certif procedur similar to those face european export in japan . `` there come a point where you can not resist ani longer , `` he said , ad `` ( such barrier ) ca n't be put in place overnight . `` clark said the issu of reciproc regard visibl trade `` strike at the basi of whether british industri is to have a fair access to an extrem larg market ( japan ) which is itself in a veri domin posit ( in ) certain aspect of our own domest market ... it is realli a question of fair . `` the situat is onli like to worsen follow news that japan 's trade surplu with the rest of the world rose by more than 70 pct in februari , year-on-year , to 8.14 billion dlr from 5.7 billion in januari , polit sourc said . but clark said in hi interview that the issu of visibl trade and access to financ market should be kept separ . should britain decid to act against japan financ institut , it would most like focu on the smaller , rather than larger one , to minimi ani risk to it role as a global busi centr , govern sourc said . japan 's four largest secur hou are member of the london stock exchang . in washington , white hou offici said presid reagan wa readi to impo retaliatori trade action against japan for break it semiconductor agreement with the unit state . there wa no immedi indic when reagan might act on the recommend of hi econom polici council to curb japan export to the unit state but offici said the move could come today or earli next week . trade sourc said the action be weigh by reagan includ tariff on a wide varieti of japan export which use semiconductor .