honeywel & lt ; hon > complet comput busi sale honeywel inc said it ha complet the sale of 57.5 pct of it honeywel inform system & lt ; hi > comput busi to & lt ; compagni de machin bull > of franc and & lt ; nec corp > of japan for 527 mln dlr in cash . honeywel said it will use much of the money to reduc short-term debt incur last decemb when the compani purcha the sperri aerospac group . honeywel said the sale of hi ha creat a new dedic comput compani jointli own by bull , nec and honeywel . the new privat held compani , name honeywel bull , is 42.5 pct own by honeywel inc , 42.5 pct by bull and 15 pct by nec , the new compani said . honeywel ad that term of the agreement with nec and bull allow it to reduc it current 42.5 pct stake in the new compani to 19.9 pct at the end of 1988 by sell just over half it share to bull . book valu at the time will determin the move 's price , honeywel said . honeywel chairman and chief execut offic , edson spencer , said the move is the last major step in honeywel ' restructur . `` as the lead worldwid supplier of of autom and control for build , industri , aerospac and defen , honeywel is now focu it manag , technic and financ resourc on high market share busi , `` spencer said . honeywel said it expect to be honeywel bull 's largest custom , purcha comput for it own intern data process , for integr into honeywel buidl and industri autom system and for resal to the u.s. govern . honeywel said hi 's feder system divi is now a wholli own unit of honeywel inc , and ha been name honeywel feder system inc. honeywel said it account for hi as a discontinu oper in 1986 , and will account for it futur interest on a cost basi , record ani dividend as receiv . honeywel bull said it will continu to develop it product line and build it busi in integr system for network , databa manag and transact process . the new compani said it board will have nine member , includ the chairman and chief execut offic . bull will have four member , honeywel two and nec one , the new compani , which began worldwid oper today , said . it ad that jacqu stern , bull 's chairman and chief execut offic , will serv as honeywel bull 's chairman of the board , while jerom meyer , formerli execut vice presid of honeywel inform system , wa name presid and chief execut offic .