mclean 's & lt ; mii > u.s. line set sale of asset mclean industri inc said it two ship subsidiari -- unit state line inc and unit state line ( s.a. ) inc -- have agr in principl to dispo of substanti all their remain oper ship asset . the unit have been oper under protect of chapter 11 of the u.s. bankruptci code sinc last novemb . mclean said u.s. line ha a letter of intent with csx corp 's & lt ; csx > sea-land corp subsidiari to transfer asset of it transpacific/hawaii/guam servic to sea-land . mclean said sea-land ha tent agr to pay 125 mln dlr for six vessel , certain port facil , and variou other equip use in u.s. line ' transpacif servic and there lancer class vessel and subsidi right own by the two mclean subsidiari . as previou announc , u.s. line ( s.a. ) will transfer it south american servic to & lt ; crowley maritim corp > 's american transport line inc subsidiari in return for a fix lea payment for the four lancer class vessel and a particip base on american transport 's south american revenu . mclean said the agreement also call for crowley to relea u.s. line ( s.a. ) for ani damag and unpaid charter hire for three vessel lea to u.s. line ( s.a. ) by crowley which have been return to crowley . mclean said the minimum lea payment will be seven mln dlr and estim revenu particip dure the first four year at about 16 mln dlr . in addit , u.s. line ( s.a. ) subsidiari in brazil and argentina will be sold to american transport . the compani said both agreement in principl have been approv by director of the compani involv , but still need court , regulatori and lender approv . mclean said it is request the bankruptci court to schedul a hear on it motion to approv the agreement , ad that the court ha grant the compani 's request to extend for 90 day the period for the ship compani to file a propo plan of reorgan . it said the plan transact will leav mclean with no signif ship asset except 12 new york class vessel , which are not in oper and are expect to be sold . mclean said it ship unit are return the vessel oper in foreign commerc to unit state port to permit the plan transfer to purcha . the compani said u.s. line will maintain it weekli servic from the u.s. west coast to hawaii and guam until the vessel are transfer and the transact is complet .