new lme aluminium contract welcom by trade the london metal exchang 's , lme , decis to introduc a dollar-denomin aluminium contract , with the port of singapor list as a deliveri point , is a posit move , physic trader and lme dealer said . earlier thi week the lme declar that a 99.70 pct minimum puriti aluminium contract would commenc trade on june 1 , 1987 , alongsid it long-establish sterling-bas 99.50 pct contract . thi is the lme 's first dollar contract and non-european deliveri point , and the board and committe are look at singapor as a deliveri point for other contract . trade sourc said the lme 's new contract will conform with exist industri practic , where 99.70 standard re-melt materi , price in dollar , is most commonli trade . the locat of a warehous in singapor is also a posit move by the lme , given it ideal locat for australian and japanes trader , who would be abl to place metal on to warrant speedili and rel inexpens , they said . hedg dure the lme ring session becom much simpler with a dollar contract . at present pre-market trade is almost exclus dollar-bas , but currenc convers have to be done dure the sterl ring , they ad . lme ring dealer said the new contract would match more close trade requir and possibl allevi some of the recent wide backward . veri littl physic busi is now done in 99.50 pct puriti metal , nearli all of which is produc in eastern bloc countri , such as romania . the soviet union also produc 99.50 pct , but ha declin as an export recent , they said . some dealer said the new 99.70 contract may suffer from liquid problem initi , as busi may continu to centr on the present good ordinari brand ( gob ) contract , where there are mani holder of larg short posit on the lme . but other said the new contract would soon attract trade interest , given that much 99.70 metal ha alreadi been attract to the lme 's warehous by backward . the lme also ha a much more viabl liquid base for a new contract , compar to the comex market in new york , where high grade aluminium futur are not particularli activ , they said . thu , it seem like that the sterl contract will eventu lose trade interest and volum will declin . like standard zinc , which wa supersed by a high grade contract , gob aluminium will probabl be replac , although the process in thi case may take longer , they ad . form a new contract and establish a singapor warehous are construct move by the lme but backward , which make physic trade difficult , would not total disappear as a result , the trade sourc said . these premium for prompt metal have becom a semi-perman featur over the last year , due to increas busi and volatil in trade option , and are present around 50 stg . increasingli larg grant of option posit ha been take place . when some of these are declar and exercis at the end of the relev month , physic tight and squeez around these date are commonplac , they said . list singapor as a deliveri point allow far eastern oper to deliv aluminium into a lme warehous instead of have to cover . but tight and backward are seen continu , even though the lme 's new option contract widen the gap between the declar and prompt date . these will be due on the first and third wednesday of the month , wherea at present most fall on the 20th and 25th . backward will remain while oper continu to grant option where potenti tonnag to be deliv exce aluminium stock level , an lme option trader said .