u.s. banker predict further dollar fall thi year a lead u.s. banker said the dollar wa like to fall anoth five to 10 pct thi year and an improv in the huge american trade deficit would be onli temporari at current world exchang rate level . kurt viermetz , worldwid treasur of & lt ; morgan guaranti trust co > , told arab currenc trader meet here that the steadi depreci of the dollar had not gone far enough to rein in u.s. deficit on a last basi . speak at the 14th annual congress of the interarab cambist associ , viermetz said an agreement reach last month among major industri nation to steadi the dollar around current level left mani question unansw . `` i can not see ani chanc for a real turnaround ( rise ) in the dollar , `` viermetz said . `` i believ there is room for a further fall of five to 10 per cent in 1987 . `` the unit state , west germani , japan , franc , great britain and canada -- g-6 -- agr in pari in late februari to stabili major currenc around current level . the accord came after month of transatl argument , with tokyo and bonn claim washington 's polici of talk the dollar lower had made life imposs for west german and japan export . the pari accord also brought a pau to the continu slide of the dollar engin by a meet in new york in septemb 1985 when industri nation agr to depress the valu of the currenc to help redress global trade imbal . but viermetz said morgan guaranti 's econom model show that with no further chang in exchang rate -- and continu sluggish growth in west germani and japan -- the u.s. trade deficit would improv onli temporarili . he said the deficit might fall to 145 billion dlr thi year from 165 billion in 1986 and further improv to 120 billion in 1988 but by 1990 , it would be back around 160 billion dlr . `` thi is clearli unaccept for the monetari author and politician in washington , `` he said . viermetz said it wa onli natur that market should attempt to test the credibl of the pari accord , struck when the dollar wa trade at about 1.83 mark and 152.50 yen . immedi befor the histor 1985 new york agreement or `` plaza accord , `` the dollar had been trade at 2.84 mark and 240 yen . viermetz said he believ major nation in pari want to see the dollar hold within a `` loo rang `` of 1.75 to 1.90 mark and 145 to 155 yen , with ani attempt to push the u.s. currenc lower be counter by central bank interv . the dollar end in new york yesterday at 147.15/25 yen -- it lowest level against the japan currenc in roughli 40 year . it close at 1.8160/70 mark . viermetz also said he did not see the u.s. feder fund rate fall below six pct for fear of provok an uncontrol fall in the dollar . but at the same time , worri about the intern debt crisi would mean there wa littl chanc of a rise abov 6-3/4 pct sinc thi would increa loan cost to the third world . the middl east foreign exchang confer bring togeth more than 200 trader and bank treasuri chief from the arab world and arab bank in european and u.s. financ centr . formal discuss , which end today , have also centr on the role of arab bank in world financ market , with banker urg them to adapt to a new global trend toward secur of busi . hikmat nashashibi , presid of the arab banker associ , said arab bank have to shake off their old mental of commerci bank and concentr more on invest bank .