nakason sound conciliatori note in chip disput prime minist yasuhiro nakason sound a conciliatori note in japan 's increasingli bitter row with the unit state over trade in comput microchip . `` japan want to resolv the issu through consult by explain it stanc thoroughli and correct the point that need to be correct , '' he wa quot by kyodo news servic as say . while express regret over america 's decis to impos tariff on import of japanes electr good , nakason said tokyo wa will to send a high-level offici to washington to help settl the disput . govern offici said japan would make a formal request next week for emerg talk and that the two side would probabl meet the week after , just day befor the april 17 deadlin set by washington for the tariff to take effect . tokyo is expect to propos a joint u.s./japan investig of american claim that japanes compani are dump cut-pric chip in asian market . yesterday , washington announc plan to put as much as 300 mln dlr in tariff on import of certain japanes electron good in retali for what it see as tokyo 's failur to live up to their bilater chip pact . that agreement , hammer out late last year after month of heat negoti , call on japan to stop sell cut-pric chip in world market and to buy more american-mad chip . nakason 's comment seem distinctli more conciliatori than those of hi trade and industri minist , hajim tamura , who earlier today said japan wa readi to take `` appropri measur '' if washington went ahead with the sanction . ministri of intern trade and industri ( miti ) offici later sought to downplay the signific of tamura' remark and said that hi main messag wa that the two side need to talk urgent about the issu . but they admit that japan wa consid take the unit state to gatt , the geneva-bas intern organ which polic world trade , if washington impos the tariff . ani japanes action would probabl be taken under articl 23 of the gener agreement on tariff and trade ( gatt ) , they said . if that articl were invok , gatt would set up a panel to consid the legal of the u.s. action . but offici here said they hope that can be avoid . `` it may be wish think but there is a possibl the unit state may lift it decis at an earli date , '' tamura said . in announc the u.s. sanction yesterday , presid ronald reagan said he wa prepar to lift them onc he had evid that japan wa no longer dump chip in world market and had open up it own market to import . japanes govern offici said they are confid they can make the pact work . they said that the export of cut-pric japanes chip through unregul distributor ha all but dri up after miti instruct domest maker to cut output . while acknowledg that it is harder to increas japanes import of american chip , miti offici said that the ministri is do all it can to ensur that happen . the ministri recent call on japan 's major chip user , some of whom are also lead produc , to step up their purchas of foreign semiconductor . a spokesman for one of the compani , toshiba corp & lt ; tsba.t > said hi firm would do just that and could announc it plan in the next week or so . he expect other japanes compani to do likewis .