investor group put pressur on gencorp & lt ; gy > an investor group tri to acquir gencorp inc said it would move to unseat the board of director and take other action if gencorp refus to discuss a 2.3 billion dlr takeov bid . gener acquisit co , a partnership of wagner and brown and afg industri inc & lt ; afg > , reiter in a statement sent to gencorp on friday that it wa will to negoti it earlier offer of 100 dlr a share for the tire , broadcast , plastic and aerospac conglomer . analyst have specul gencorp could fetch at least 110 to 120 dlr per share if broken up . gencorp offici declin to comment on the statement , but a spokesman reiter a request to sharehold to wait until the board render an opinion befor make a decis on the offer . gencorp ha said a statement would be made on or befor the compani 's annual meet on tuesday . gener acquisit said the board could not carri out it duti to sharehold and make an inform decis until it ha , `` ... explor with us the way in which our offer can be revis to provid greater valu to your sharehold . '' gener acquisit ad it wa awar the board may be review altern transact , which might provid gencorp sharehold with a payment other than cash . `` if that is the case , you should recognis that our addit equiti capit may veri well enabl us to offer cash and secur have greater valu than gencorp could provid in ani similarli structur transact , '' it said . it ad gencorp 's board had an oblig to present ani altern propos to sharehold in a way that allow compet offer . gener acquisit request it be given a chanc to bid on a competit and fair basi befor ani final decis wa made on ani other buyout propos . the statement repeat the request gencorp remov a `` poison pill '' prefer share purchas right to sharehold , make ani takeov more expens . it said it might take legal action , or seek the support of sharehold in call a special meet to replac the board and consid other propos . gencorp should not accept ani other propos contain defens featur , it said .