japan isol , yen rise , world feel cheat japan is becom danger isol again as the u.s. and europ feel they have been cheat by japan promi to switch from export to domestic-l growth , offici and businessmen from around the world said . as the dollar today slip to a record low below 145 yen , make japan export and holder of dollar invest grit their teeth harder , financ minist kiichi miyazawa said there wa a percept japan had reneg on it promi . the problem goe deep and centr on misunderstand by both side over the key maekawa report of april , last year . the document wa prepar by a privat committ form by prime minist yasuhiro nakason and led by former bank of japan head haruo maekawa . it recommend that to stop friction due to it larg trade surplu , japan must `` make a histor transform in it tradit polici on econom manag and the nation 's lifestyl . there can be no further develop for japan without thi transform . `` american and european took the report to heart and have look in vain for clear sign of thi histor chang . but the japan remain doubt about the short , or even medium term prospect of total transform their econom habit . the bubbl of frustrat against what appear as japan prevar burst last week . the u.s. said it intend to rai tariff of as much as 300 mln dlr on japan export to the u.s. on the ground japan had abrog a bilat semiconductor pact . british prime minist margaret thatcher threaten to block japan financ firm from london after the japan place what the british say are restrict condit on a bid by british firm cabl and wireless to join a domest telecommun joint ventur . on friday , european currenc dealer said european central bank , annoy at restrict japan trade practi , might leav japan alon to interven to staunch the rise of the yen . eishiro saito , head of top japan busi group keidanren , spot the danger inher in such contradictori view last novemb when he visit the european commun . `` relat to thi matter of ( trade ) imbal , the point that i found to be of great cau for alarm dure thi trip to europ wa the excess degr of hope place by the european in the result of the maekawa report , `` he said . `` we explain that the process of restructur the economi away from it depend on export toward a balanc between domest and extern demand ... would take time , `` saito said . saito 's word were ignor . in februari , ec industri polici director heinrich von moltk came to japan and said `` i onli know that your govern , under the leadership of maekawa , point to restructur your economi into a less outward look , more inward look one . it is the maekawa report which ha attract the most attent in europ . `` and european and american want quick action . `` a far better answer than protect would be structur chang within the japan economi , the kind suggest by the maekawa report . and we hope to see chang occur in the near futur , `` visit chairman of gener motor roger smith said in march . such expect are now ingrain , which wa partli the fault of nakason , who herald maekawa 's report as a sea of chang in japan affair , said u.s. offici . month befor the report wa issu , u.s. and ec busi leader met their japan colleagu to discuss the trade problem . `` we are more anxiou than ever that the new approach of the maekawa committ doe lead to speedi and effect action , `` said ec industri union leader lord ray pennock . `` the import implic of the maekawa report is that it is final look to let japan enjoy the fruit of their labour , `` said philip caldwel , senior manag director of shearson lehman brother . content of the report were lead well ahead of issuanc . japan offici say they are implement the report as fast as they can , said a european ambassador who ha travel the countri ask about thi issu . he said peopl mention mani thing in line with the spirit of the report , includ restructur of the coal and steel industri . a major misunderstand is that the privat report wa govern polici . european are confu about thi , underlin by von moltk 's refer to the `` leadership `` of the maekawa report . even so , japan offici point to last septemb 's govern programm of new econom measur . `` without endor the report as polici , offici point out that the govern ha put it signatur to a programm design to implement the report , `` the ambassador said .