bahrain introduc new money market regim bahrain is introduc a new domest money market regim to provid dinar liquid aid centr on the island 's newli launch treasuri bill programm . the bahrain monetari agenc ha issu a circular to all commerci bank outlin a new polici from april 1 which give liquid aid through sale and repurcha agreement in treasuri bill , or through discount them . the circular , relea offici to reuter , said current arrang for provid liquid aid will no longer be valid except `` in quit except circumst . `` under the current system , the agenc provid the island ' 20 commerci bank with dinar liquid by mean of short-term swap against u.s. dollar and , less frequent , by short-term loan secur against govern develop bond . `` the agenc consid that it is now appropri to replac these oper with short-term assist base on govern of bahrain treasuri bill , `` the circular to bank state . the agenc said it will repurcha treasuri bill with a simultan agreement to resel them to the same bank at a higher price which will reflect an interest charg . the agenc said it envisag the repurcha agreement will normal be for a period of seven day . bahrain launch a weekli tender for two mln dinar of 91-day treasuri bill in mid-decemb last year and ha sinc rai a total of 26 mln dinar through the programm . bahrain 's commerci bank are current liquid and have been make littl use of the tradit dollar swap offer by the agenc . but bank sourc said the new regim from april 1 will mean bank can not afford not to hold treasuri bill in case they need fund from the central bank . bank sourc said more than half of the 20 bank hold treasuri bill , although the need by other to take up paper could increa demand at weekli tender and push down allot yield slightli . last week 's yield wa six pct , although the programm had start at the end of last year with rate as low as 5.60 pct . bank sourc said the cost of liquid through repurcha accord will not differ much from that on dollar swap . but a bank use dollar to obtain liquid would foresak interest on the u.s. currenc while the underli treasuri bill invest is unaffect in a repurcha accord .