cocoa deal seen posit , but no price guarant the buffer stock rule agreement reach on friday by the intern cocoa organ ( icco ) is an improv on previou arrang but the price-support mechan is unlik to do more than stem the declin in cocoa price , mani icco deleg and trade sourc said . the accord wa reach between produc and consum of the 35-member icco council after two week of talk . european chocol manufactur and deleg said the accord may boost cocoa price immedi , but world surplu overhang the market will pull price down again befor long . `` if the buffer stock oper is success , i doubt it will do anyth more than stop the price from fall further , and it will have no relev at all to retail chocol price , `` a european dealer said . and if the buffer stock manag delay too long in buy , or is not seen to be use hi purcha power when the market is reli on him to do so , the bearish trade reaction could pressur price dramat , dealer said . the buffer stock is the market-regul tool of the icco , into which cocoa can be bought or from which it can be sold to manoeuvr price into a pre-set stabil rang . a new cocoa agreement came into forc in januari but deleg could not agr buffer stock rule at that time . the new rule take effect immedi . the buffer stock manag is expect to begin buy cocoa within the next three week , after organ commun with cocoa produc countri and assess the market , sinc price are below the `` must-buy `` level of 1,600 special draw right per tonn specifi in the agreement , the sourc said . the buffer stock theoret ha fund to buy a maximum 100,000 tonn within a five week period , but it approach will be more cautiou , buffer stock manag juergen plambeck said . the buffer stock ha around 250 mln dlr in fund and a buy limit of 250,000 tonn of cocoa , 100,000 tonn of which are alreadi in the buffer stock . icco council chairman and ivorian agricultur minist deni bra kanon said the new rule have a good chanc of stabil price . ivori coast is the world 's largest cocoa produc . `` we have establish rule which will permit us to withdraw immedi the surplu of cocoa on the world market , `` bra kanon told report after the council adjourn . bra kanon reckon the world cocoa surplu could be less than half the 94,000 tonn estim by the icco statist committ . howev , some produc and consum member emerg from the final icco council meet with reserv about the pact . ghana , whose high-qual cocoa is the world 's most expen and provid 60 pct of the countri 's export earn , made a formal protest to the council about the price differenti assign to it cocoa , say they were too high for ghanaian cocoa to be bought for the buffer stock . accord to consum spokesman peter baron of west germani , `` consum were n't perfectli happi with the buffer stock rule . we reach a veri sensit compromi ... there were no real winner or loser . `` some european commun deleg were not satisfi that import point were fulli discuss dure the talk , and as a result , doubt the rule can deal with world surplu as effect as they could have , deleg said . under the new rule , the buffer stock manag would seek offer of differ origin cocoa , use price differenti to reflect differ qualiti . non-icco member cocoa can compri up to 15 pct of the total buffer stock . london cocoa price trade today around 1,300 stg per tonn , down from around 1,450 stg in januari 1987 and 1,750 stg in januari 1986. a cocoa withhold scheme can take a further 120,000 tonn of cocoa off the market if a special council session decid market condit warrant it , accord to the agreement . the withhold scheme can onli be use if price fall below the 1,600 sdr lower interv price for more than five day and if 80 pct of the maximum buffer stock capac ha been fill , or if the buffer stock run low on fund , it say . the icco will discuss withhold scheme rule at an execut committ meet on june 9/12 , icco offici said .