u.s. appear to toler further dlr declin in a bid to hasten japan 's promi to speed up it econom growth and open market to foreign trade , top u.s. offici appear onc again to have signal their toler of a lower dollar . treasuri secretari jame baker and one of hi top aid , assist secretari david mulford , said last week there wa no target for the dollar , a statement that sent the yen soar against the dollar , despit massiv central bank interv . `` that wa no slip of the tongu , `` said one western monetari offici , who ask not to be identifi . for now , the strategi appear to be work . japan offici said late last week a packag to bolster domest demand will be readi in earli april . until last week , there were few indic the packag would be readi anytim soon . the reagan administr , face an uproar in congress over the appar lack of progress in cut the 169.8 billion dlr trade deficit , is learn now that to extract result from japan , dramat action is requir . last week the white hou impo unprec tariff on certain japan electron good after tokyo fail to adher to a semi-conductor price accord between the two countri . the shift in u.s. strategi , in part design to appea mount congress anger over japan polici , come just two week befor industri nation reconven here to review the pari agreement to stabil currenc . and news that japan earn a record 18 billion dlr trade surplu in the first two month thi year just underscor the need for urgent action , in the view of u.s. offici . nonetheless , u.s. offici see sign of improv in the deficit . `` i 'd be stun if we were not go to deriv some benefit ( from the lower dollar ) soon , `` said one . in pari , lead industri nation agr to cooper close to foster currenc stabil within rang reflect `` underli econom fundament `` or econom realiti . the agreement envisag those fundament to includ japan and west germani stimul their economi and the unit state cut it budget deficit . the three nation , join by franc , britain and canada , agr these polici are essenti to redress huge global trade imbal . but analyst say market have signal the underli fundament impli a lower dollar , rather than a stabl one . market , in effect , are less confid than govern that these measur -- includ u.s. budget deficit cut agr by congress and the white hou -- will be carri out . nonetheless , the dollar 's sharp fall ha not undermin cooper . a u.s. econom policymak said the accord wa on track and tokyo and bonn seem `` to want more stimul measur which is what the pari accord call for . `` intern monetari sourc said exchang market develop gener have not unsettl policymak , although japan is an obviou except . `` everybodi feel it can still be manag , `` one sourc said of market develop . but last week , the bank of japan spent an estim five billion dlr interven to halt the rise in the yen , and other central bank about one billion dlr . anoth monetari sourc said japan wa upset with america ' half-heart attempt to halt the fall dollar , flout the pari accord outright . the sourc , close to the top level of japan econom policymak , said japan 's understand of the accord wa that the yen would be kept at around 154 to the dollar , the level it stood at when the accord wa struck . the sourc said tokyo wa extrem worri by washington ' use of the exchang rate to chang japan polici . it wa a `` point remind `` to japan to do someth about the trade issu , the sourc said of the dollar 's fall against the yen . by depart last sunday from the languag of the pari accord -- that nation agr to foster currenc stabil around current level -- baker trigger a run on the dollar . later in the week , mulford too said there wa no target for the dollar and call on japan and west germani to live up to their intern respon and stimul growth . but u.s. offici said recent market develop will not unravel the spirit of the pari agreement . `` there 's a reali now that you can not leav thing alon , everyon agr that the extern ( trade ) imbal ought to be adjust , `` one offici said . `` while no-on is go to cede nation sovereignti , we certainli seem to be move toward much closer co-op , `` anoth u.s. offici said . the offici said the meet here , where the six will be join by itali , will be a statu report . `` japan will have to explain what the state of their program is and germani will report on it plan . mayb there 's a need to move faster , `` one sourc said . mulford told congress last week the pari accord call , in effect , for currenc stabil for sever month . thi would buy time for japan and west germani to speed up their econom growth and help bring down the u.s. trade deficit . hi comment appear to serv notic on other major nation that washington can not wait too long for action to reduc the gap between the japan and german trade surplu and the u.s. trade deficit .