japan seen lighten u.s. bond hold the dollar 's tumbl to a record low of 144.70 yen in tokyo today motiv some major japan investor to lighten their u.s. bond inventori further and is expect to spur diversif into invest asset includ foreign and domest share , dealer said . the key u.s. 7-1/2 pct treasuri bond due 2016 fell to a low of 96.08-12 in earli tokyo trade against the 98.05-06 new york finish , then recov to 96.20-22. some trust bank pension fund acccount and invest trust were seen sell sever hundr million dollar on the foreign exchang market here today , accentu the unit ' tumbl , secur hou dealer said . they seem undecid on what to do with the fresh yen cash posit result from their dollar sale today , and are sidelin until the currenc market stabili and the interest rate outlook clarifi , a nikko secur co ltd currenc trader said . the dollar 's plung and low yield on u.s. bond will further promot diversif into other foreign invest , as well as call back fund into the domest bond and stock market from oversea bond market , secur bond manag said . they said major japan investor in the past two year are estim to have held 50 to 80 pct of their foreign portfolio in u.s. bond but mani have lighten their u.s. bond inventori to as low as 40 pct . sinc late last year , japan investor , seek substanti liquid and attract yield , have use fresh fund to buy mark and canadian dollar bond and , after the pari currenc pact , activ bought french franc bond and gilt while gradual lighten u.s. bond inventori , the manag said . dealer said fund tie up in foreign asset had flow into local bond and stock market as well . the yield of the key 5.1 pct 89th bond drop to a record low of 4.080 pct today from the 4.140 saturday finish and compar with 4.25 pct on three-month certif of deposit . the key bond ha fluctuat less than five basi point for more than a month here , suggest most dealer could not satisfi their need for capit gain , dealer said . a market survey by reuter show some activ account in u.s. treasuri are current deal on tokyo 's stock market . the stock market 's bullish late last week wa partli due to fund transfer from u.s. treasuri , dealer said . japan net purcha of foreign secur in the first half of march fell an estim one billion dlr compar with averag monthli net purcha of 7.7 billion for the whole of 1986 , financ ministri sourc said . the steep fall is due to japan investor ' cool attitud toward u.s. bond , which had amount to more than 80 pct of total foreign secur purcha , secur hou manag said . foreign stock buy in march is expect to exceed the record high of 1.5 billion dlr seen in decemb , they said . `` diversif of foreign portfolio is underway and we have bought bond in currenc such as mark , the canadian dollar , the ecu and french franc , `` a fund manag at & lt ; yasuda trust and bank co ltd > said .