sri lanka appeal for drought relief aid sri lanka ha appeal to 24 countri for emerg aid to help 2.4 mln villag affect by the countri 's worst drought in 36 year , govern offici said . embassi receiv letter over the weekend outlin aid need for a sixth of sri lanka 's popul in 13 district . the letter said the govern had to step in `` to avert seriou econom hardship `` and becau the social servic ministri had alreadi use up it entir 1987 budget provi of 23 mln rupe by distribut help to the worst hit area . the letter said 548.76 mln rupe were need for a six month period , at least until the may-septemb ( yala ) rice crop wa harvest . over 25,000 tonn of wheat , rice , flour and other cereal were requir , it said , along with suppli of sugar , lentil , dri or can fish and milk . in some of the most seriou affect district , the maha ( octob 1986-april 1987 ) crop had been `` almost complet devast , `` the letter said . maha paddi output wa now estim at 70 mln bushel , 20 mln less than origin expect . there were two scenario for the yala crop , with a high forecast of around 40 mln bushel condit on adequ rainfal within the next three to four week . `` should the present drought continu , howev , product is estim at around 20 mln bushel , `` the letter ad . total estim paddi output for 1987 would be between 90 and 110 mln bushel , or 1.35 to 1.65 mln tonn of rice . last year 's output wa 124 mln bushel , down from 127 mln in 1985. the letter said villag in most seriou affect district had been depriv of ani mean of subsist becau subsidiari crop had also fail . it said the govern 's current budget did not permit it to provid sustain and adequ relief to those affect . `` revenu ha been adver affect by depress commod price and slow of the economi . defenc commit continu to exert pressur on the expenditur side . `` the 548.76 mln cash would cover payment of 150 rupe per month for each famili , as well as handl , transport and distribut of emerg food . but such an outlay of fund by the govern would not be possibl without seriou impair develop project , or `` greatli fuell inflat `` in the economi , the letter said . the letter said the food depart would be abl to relea wheat and rice from the buffer stock to meet the immedi cereal requir `` provid such stock are replac subsequ . `` the meteorolog depart said the countri wa experienc it worst drought sinc 1951 and the four-month dri spell prevail in most of the area would onli break when the monsoon rain fell in late may . the letter said some area had been experienc the drought sinc august , and in the rice grow district of kurunegala there had been no effect rainfal sinc june 1986 .