u.s. bank discount borrow 310 mln dlr u.s. bank discount window borrow less extend credit averag 310 mln dlr in the week to wednesday februari 25 , the feder reserv said . the fed said that over borrow in the week fell 131 mln dlr to 614 mln dlr , with extend credit up 10 mln dlr at 304 mln dlr . the week wa the second half of a two-week statement period . net borrow in the prior week averag 451 mln dlr . comment on the two-week statement period end februari 25 , the fed said that bank had averag net free reserv of 644 mln dlr a day , down from 1.34 billion two week earlier . a feder reserv spokesman told a press brief that there were no larg singl day net miss in the fed 's reserv project in the week to wednesday . he said that natur float had been `` act a bit strang `` for thi time of year , note that there had been poor weather dure the latest week . the spokesman said that natur float rang from under 500 mln dlr on friday , for which he could give no reason , to nearli one billion dlr on both thursday and wednesday . the fed spokeman could give no reason for thursday 's high float , but he said that about 750 mln dlr of wednesday ' float figur wa due to holdov and transport float at two wide separ fed district . for the week as a whole , he said that float relat as of adjust were `` small , `` ad that they fell to a neg 750 mln dlr on tuesday due to a number of correct for unrel cash letter error in six district around the countri . the spokesman said that on both tuesday and wednesday , two differ clear bank had system problem and the secur and feder fund wire had to be held open until about 2000 or 2100 est on both day . howev , he said that both problem were clear up dure both afternoon and there wa no evid of ani reserv impact . dure the week end wednesday , 45 pct of net discount window borrow were made by the smallest bank , with 30 pct by the 14 larg money center bank and 25 pct by larg region institut . on wednesday , 55 pct of the borrow wa account for by the money center bank , with 30 pct by the larg region and 15 pct by the smallest bank . the fed spokesman said the bank system had excess reserv on thursday , monday and tuesday and a deficit on friday and wedndsday . that produc a small daili averag deficit for the week as a whole . for the two-week period , he said there were rel high excess reserv on a daili avearg , almost all of which were at the smallest bank .