ico board seen unlik to set new coffe talk chanc that the intern coffe organ , ico , execut board meet thi week will agre to resum negoti on export quota soon look remot , ico deleg and trade sourc said . ico observ doubt brazil or key consum countri are readi to give suffici ground to convinc the other side that reopen negoti again would be worthwhil , they said . ico talk on quota last month broke down after eight day when produc and consum fail to reach agreement . `` sinc we have not seen sign of chang in other posit , it 's difficult to see a posit outcom at thi stage , '' brazilian deleg lindenberg sett said . but quota must be negoti sometim , he said . the u.s. ha indic it is open to dialogu on quota but that brazil must be flexibl , rather than refus to lower it export share as it did in the last negoti , deleg said . at thi week 's march 31-april 2 meet , the 16-member ico board is schedul to discuss the current market situat , the reintroduct of quota , verif of stock and some administr matter , accord to a draft agenda . the fact that brazilian coffe institut presid jorio dauster , assist u.s. trade repres jon rosenbaum and chief colombian deleg jorg cardena are not attend the meet ha signal to most market watcher that it will be a non-ev as far as negoti quota is concern . `` i would imagin there will be a lot of politick among produc behind close door to work up some kind of propos by septemb ( the next schedul council meet ) , '' bronwyn curti of landel mill commod studi said . trader and deleg said they have seen no sign that a date will be set for an earlier council meet . if the stalem continu much longer , analyst expect the coffe agreement will end up oper without quota for the remaind of it life , to septemb 30 , 1989. when talk broke down , the u.s. and brazil , the largest coffe consum and produc respect , blame one anoth for sabotag negoti by refus to compromis . brazil want to maintain the previou export quota share , under which it wa alloc 30 pct of world coffe export , but consum and a small group of produc press for share to be redistribut use `` object criteria , '' which would have threaten brazil 's share . at a recent meet in managua of latin american produc , costa rica and hondura said they were will to put their object as member of the group of eight ico `` dissid '' produc asid , in order to stem the damag declin in price , nicaraguan extern trade minist alejandro martinez cuenca told report saturday . he wa in london to brief produc on the managua meet . howev , other produc said they were not awar of thi move toward produc solidar . london coffe price close at 1,276 stg a tonn today , down from around 1,550 at the begin of march .