ibc expect to maintain coff export formula the brazilian coff institut , ibc , is expect to maintain it previou price system when it reopen export registr , probabl later thi week , export said . they said ibc presid jorio dauster is like to leav the basic formula for the minimum registr price unchang but rai the contribut quota to partial offset the effect of cruzado devalu sinc april registr were close in mid-februari . to fulli compen for devalu the quota would have to be around 28 dlr per bag against 7.0 when registr close . howev , even a 21 dlr per bag rise in the contribut quota would make brazil coff uncompetit on world market , and an increa to around 15 dlr a bag is more like , the export said . they ad that dauster is keen to rai the contribut quota as the institut need money to repay central governmnet fund relea to financ ibc purcha at the guarant produc price . although a vote in the monetari council to provid more fund for such purcha wa defer on technic ground last week , fund are still be relea for subsequ approv . the sourc said it is still unclear when registr will be reopen , although most expect it to be by the end of thi week . `` brazil owe it to it custom to make it intent know . a countri like brazil can not afford to be perman close down , `` one export said . howev , befor announc it export polici the ibc is like to wait to see if tomorrow 's meet of the intern coff organi , ico , execut board in london decid to call a full council meet to discuss reintroduct of export quota , sourc said . there is also talk of the announc thi week of new measur to adjust the brazilian economi , and the ibc could be await clarif befor make ani move , the export said . anoth factor which could be delay the open of registr is the current strike by bank worker which , while not affect current shipment , could affect document and currenc oper for new sale . thi would certainli be the case if the ibc wa consid oblig export to pay the contribut quota within two or three day of regist a sale .