american express & lt ; axp > seen in possibl spinnoff american express co remain silent on market rumor it would spinoff all or part of it shearson lehman brother inc , but some analyst said the compani may be consid such a move becau it is unhappi with the market valu of it stock . american express stock got a lift from the rumor , as the market calcul a partial public shearson may command a good market valu , therebi boost the total valu of american express . the rumor also wa accompani by talk the financ servic firm would split it stock and boost it dividend . american express close on the new york stock exchang at 72-5/8 , up 4-1/8 on heavi volum . american express would not comment on the rumor or it stock activ . analyst said comment by the compani at an analyst ' meet tuesday help fuel the rumor as did an announc yesterday of manag chang . at the meet , compani offici said american express stock is undervalu and doe not fulli reflect the perform of shearson , accord to analyst . yesterday , shearson said it wa elev it chief oper offic , jefferi lane , to the ad posit of presid , which had been vacant . it also creat four new posit for chairmen of it oper divi . analyst specul a partial spinoff would make most sen , contrari to one variat on market rumor of a total spinoff . some analyst , howev , disagr that ani spinoff of shearson would be good sinc it is a strong profit center for american express , contribut about 20 pct of earn last year . `` i think it is highli unlik that american express is go to sell shearson , `` said perrin long of lipper analyt . he question what would be a better invest than `` a veri profit secur firm . `` sever analyst said american express is not in need of cash , which might be the onli reason to sell a part of a strong asset . but other believ the compani could veri well of consid the option of spin out part of shearson , and one rumor suggest sell about 20 pct of it in the market . larri eckenfeld of prudential-bach secur said he believ american express could have consid a partial spinoff in the past . `` shearson be as profit as it is would have fetch a big premium in the market place . shearson 's book valu is in the 1.4 mln dlr rang . shearson in the market place would probabl be worth three to 3.5 bilion dlr in term of market capit , `` said eckenfeld . some analyst said american express could use capit sinc it plan to expand global . `` they have enorm intern growth plan that take capit . you want your stock to reflect realist valuat to enhanc your abil to make all kind of endeavor down the road , `` said e.f. hutton group analyst michael lewi . `` they 've outlin the fact that they 're invest heavili in the futur , which goe heavili into the intern arena , `` said lewi . `` ... that doe not preclud acquisit and divestitur along the way , `` he said . lewi said if american express reduc it exposur to the brokerag busi by sell part of shearson , it stock might better reflect other asset , such as the travel relat servic busi . `` it could find it true water mark with a lesser exposur to brokerag . the valu of the other compon could command a higher multipl becau they constitut a higher percentag of the total oper earn of the compani , `` he said . lewi said shearson contribut 316 mln in after-tax oper earn , up from about 200 mln dlr in 1985 .