bass group emerg as possibl taft & lt ; tfb > bidder the bass group , onc thought by analyst to be eager to sell it hold in taft broadcast co , emerg as anoth potenti bidder for the ohio broadcast compani . the bass group , which hold 24.9 pct of taft , said it had talk with other taft stockhold and some compani manag and director `` concern particip in a group to acquir control '' of the compani . the bass group said it had talk with other taft stockhold and member of taft manag about particip in a group to acquir control . the group , which is led by the wealthi bass brother of fort worth , texa , did not identifi ani of the other peopl with whom it had talk . taft said friday it would negoti with it vice chairman dudley taft on hi group 's 150 dlr per share or 1.38 billion dlr offer for the compani . at the time , the compani said it author it advis , goldman , sach and co , to explor other takeov propos and to suppli financi data to other interest bidder . `` if inde , the reason dudley taft is no longer presid is becaus the bass group toss him out , i could n't see them back him on ani deal , '' said one analyst , who ask not to be identifi . `` i think they want a way out . now , thi sound like they 're go to join the group and buy themselv out , '' said edward atorino , media analyst with smith barney , harri upham and co. analyst have specul that carl lindner may be interest in acquir the compani . they specul he may be one of the sharehold in talk with the bass group . lindner , chairman of american financi corp , hold 16.2 pct of taft . he wa not immedi avail for comment . analyst have said they are baffl by the strength of taft 's stock price compar to what they see as breakup valu for the compani . sever analyst had estim a break up valu of less than 150. one analyst said he believ it ha a breakup valu of 160 to 165 dlr per share . taft stock close at 156-1/2 , up 1-3/4 . `` they ( investor ) are say here 's anoth one - anoth famili disput , '' said denni mcalpin of oppenheim .