gencorp & lt ; gy > reject unsolicit takeov bid gencorp inc said it board urg sharehold to reject the hostil unsolicit 100 dlr a share tender offer made march 18 by gener acquisit inc , an affili of wagner and brown and afg industri inc. gencorp also said it is develop a financi superior altern that would enabl sharehold to benefit from the full valu of the compani . in a letter to sharehold , chairman a. william reynold said the offer is a `` highli condit , conting financ bust-up offer '' that seek to deni sharehold the true valu of their invest in gencorp . reynold said the board reach it decis to reject the offer after care studi with legal and financi advis . he said the board ha author manag to explor altern aim at provid sharehold with a `` financi superior '' altern to the gener acquisit offer . a gencorp spokesman , in respons to question , would not comment on market specul that the compani 's manag may develop a leverag buyout offer of it own . he would also not comment on when a better altern might be develop . gencorp 's stock ha trade well abov the 100 dlr offer price sinc the tender wa made . today , gencorp close at 114-1/4 , up 1-5/8 . reynold said in the letter that for the last few year , gencorp manag ha taken action to enhanc sharehold valu , and the stock price and earn have improv sinc he join the compani . gencorp said the partnership 's offer is a `` bargain price '' acquisit that wa `` use financ from a syndic of bank that doe not yet exist and a bridg loan from shearson lehman brother that shearson is not oblig to provid . '' reynold also said the offer would result in a radic alter and selloff of gencorp 's asset , includ aerojet gener to refin gener acquisit 's borrow with the profit go to wagner and brown and afg instead of sharehold . the letter also said the gener acquisit offer `` jeopard the secur and interest '' of it sharehold , employe , custom , supplier and the commun throughout the countri where the compani 's facil are locat .