csr sell delhi to exxon unit , drop delhi float csr ltd & lt ; csra. > and exxon corp & lt ; xon > unit & lt ; esso explor and product australia inc > said csr ha agre to sell it & lt ; delhi australia fund > ( daf ) to esso for 985 mln australian dlr . the sale is effect from tomorrow , they said in a joint statement . the previous announc float of part of it delhi interest will not now proceed , csr said in the statement . delhi australia fund own & lt ; delhi petroleum pti ltd > , which hold an averag of 25 pct in the santo ltd & lt ; stos. > -led cooper and eromanga basin ga and liquid project . in addit to the purchas price , csr will share equal in ani return due to increas in crude oil and condens price over certain level for liquid produc from delhi' interest in the next two year , the statement said . `` the esso propos to purchas all the delhi interest will be more benefici to our sharehold than proceed with the float , '' csr chief execut bryan kelman said in the statement . kelman said the sale of delhi would enabl csr to focu effort on expand busi area such as sugar and build materi in which csr ha had long and success manag experi and strong market leadership . with the sale , csr will be abl to expand those busi more aggress and earlier , he said . as report separ , soon after announc the delhi sale csr launch a takeov bid for the 68.26 pct of & lt ; pioneer sugar mill ltd > that it doe not alreadi hold , valu it entir issu capit at 219.6 mln dlr . after bass strait , the onshor cooper and eromanga basin is australia 's largest oil and ga produc area with current gross oil product of 45,000 barrel per day ( bdp ) , ga liquid output of 30,000 bpd and ga sale of 480 mln cubic feet a day , the csr-esso statement said . the purchas give esso , a 50/50 partner with the broken hill pti co ltd & lt ; brkn. > in the bass strait , it first onshor product in australia , they said . esso 's chairman stuart mcgill said he hope esso can assist in maintain the high rate of oil and ga discoveri in the cooper-eromanga area . `` these discoveri will help australia 's self-suffici in oil reserv therebi offset in part the declin in bass strait product now under way , '' mcgill said . in a separ releas letter to csr sharehold , kelman said csr wa within day of complet plan for the float of csr petroleum when it receiv an offer from esso . he said csr is convinc the sale wa the correct decis in view of the risk associ with the oil busi . the price-shar arrang provid for csr to share equal with esso in higher return if oil price averag more than 20 u.s. dlr a barrel in the next two year , he said . kelman said a revalu of csr 's invest in delhi to net realis valu as of today , csr 's annual balance-d , will result in an extraordinari loss of 97 mln dlr . howev , revalu and profit on sale of other asset will significantli reduc thi loss , he said . he also said that csr is suffici encourag by futur prospect and the opportun to reposit the group in core busi to foreshadow an increas in final dividend payabl in juli to 10 cent from nine to make an annual 19 cent against 18 in 1985/86 .