europ on sidelin in u.s-japan microchip row rise import of japanese-mad car and electron good may upset west european offici , but they gener seem prepar to stay on the sidelin in the latest trade row between the unit state and japan . japan 's huge trade surplu is a sore point in west europ , as it is in the unit state . but u.s. charg of unfair trade practic involv comput microchip leav european cold . the european commun ran a 18.2 billion dlr trade deficit with japan last year , and seek redress when it feel japan trade polici hurt european , diplomat and economist said . but onli in britain ha there been ani suggest of act with the u.s. to do someth about japan 's huge trade surplu . `` the ec is no more illib on trade issu than is the u.s. , `` said martin wolf , director of studi at the trade polici research centr in london . `` basic , their polici are pretti much the same . `` but that did not mean europ would support the u.s. , or that the ec would climb on the bandwagon to take advantag of the u.s. disput to press it own claim , wolf said.ba , european have a differ approach to trade problem , he said . `` in the u.s. , peopl talk about fair trade , but not here , `` he ad . `` in the u.s. , it all ha to do with the gener ethic of free competit , while in europ , the gener approach is that liber trade is good becau it make countri rich . `` wolf said thi basic u.s. attitud explain washington ' tendenc to impo so-cal `` countervail duti `` - an import tax design to offset advantag alleg to be unfair . in western europ , the approach to trade disput tend to be to tri to reach a settlement through negoti , wolf said . in the latest u.s.-japan trade row , presid reagan ha threaten to rai tariff on select japan electron good by as much as 300 mln dlr , alleg that japan ha fail to abid by a 1986 u.s.-japan pact on microchip trade . but the european commun ha challeng the agreement as a violat of gener agreement on tariff and trade ( gatt ) practic that discrimin against it microchip produc . `` it follow that they 're not like to ralli to the side of the unit state in defenc of the agreement , `` said wolf . although british parliamentarian are push for a tough line on japan trade issu , govern offici in the rest of europ told reuter correspond they would let the ec take the lead in ani respon to the u.s.-japan trade row . a spokeswoman for the ec commiss in brussel told reuter there ha been no chang in the commun 's posit sinc a march 16 meet of foreign minist which sent a strong warn to tokyo on trade imbal . in a statement issu after that meet , ec foreign minist deplor japan 's continu trade imbal and appeal for a greater japan effort to open up it market . ec extern trade commiss willi de clercq said after the talk there wa a grow impati with japan in the ec . diplomat accredit to the ec in brussel said they saw no sign of ani immedi intent to impo ani broad-rang sanction against japan . the ec is anxiou to avoid provok a trade war , they said . instead , the commun is tri to target problem area in european trade with japan , includ wine and spirit , cosmet , and financ servic , and will continu talk to tri to improv the situat , the diplomat said . in britain , where the govern is anger over the difficulti telecommun giant cabl and wireless ha face in it bid to crack the japan market , offici said last week that retaliatori action is be consid . but govern offici said last night , `` we are not talk about day or week . thi is go to take time . `` they said the govern would consid it option at a cabinet meet on thursday , but ad that no final deci were expect . the main thing the british would threaten the japan with is denial of access to london 's boom financ market , govern offici said .