bank of japan mull other option to stop yen rise today 's liberali financ market are make it extrem difficult for japan 's monetari author to prevent the yen 's rise against the dollar , but they have sever option other than normal interv , bank of japan sourc said . a senior central bank offici said that such method as control foreign exchang deal and invok currenc swap agreement with other central bank , which have not been invok sinc 1978 , are all be consid . `` but the time may not be ripe , `` he said . `` in thi era of financ liberali , it 's almost imposs to control the flow of capit in and out of japan , `` said anoth senior bank offici . but the first offici said : `` from a technic viewpoint , the bank of japan could activ swap agreement immedi after other central bank involv agr to do so . `` a swap agreement , an exchang of currenc between two nation , allow both side to acquir a readi sourc of the other 's currenc in case of need . `` if the bank invok such swap , both parti would announc the deci jointli , `` said the first offici . the sourc said they believ the limit of currenc market interv may be be reach after they saw recent concert market action by central bank of major industri nation wa increasingli ineffect in prop up the batter dollar . but interv is at least an option , they said . further ea of monetari polici will be veri difficult with an offici discount rate alreadi at a record low of 2.5 pct , they said . bank of japan governor satoshi sumita ha repeatedli rule out anoth rate cut due to fear it could reviv inflat . one bank offici said he could not deni the possibilti of the bank of japan activ currenc swap agreement with the u.s. and other central bank , if these bank continu interven to sell the yen in support of the dollar and run out of their yen cash posit . `` but we do n't think they have becom short of yen quit yet , `` he said . the bank ha establish a five billion dlr swap limit with the u.s. feder reserv and anoth 2.5 billion mark and 200 billion yen limit with the west german and swiss central bank , accord to the sourc . foreign exchang dealer estim the fed had sold two billion dlr worth of yen from it own account to support the dollar in new york last week . the central bank sourc also said japan may arrang other currenc swap agreement with britain and franc if they find it necessari , but ad they are not actual talk with each other toward that end .