analyst applaud csr 's bold move to sell delhi csr ltd & lt ; csra. > ha made a bold move in sell it oil and ga interest for almost a billion dlr and plough 150 mln into it tradit sugar busi , share analyst said . `` it sound like a good deal , '' stuart mckibbin of & lt ; a.c. good and co > told reuter . csr said it had drop plan to float it oil and ga interest held in the & lt ; delhi australia fund > and would instead sell it to exxon corp & lt ; xon > unit & lt ; esso explor and product australia inc > for 985 mln dlr . in a twin announc csr , alreadi australia 's largest sugar refin , made a 2.20 dlr a share bid for the 70 pct it doe not alreadi hold in & lt ; pioneer sugar mill ltd > . `` thi will be a big shock to the market , which wa under the impress that csr wa well down the road to float delhi , '' mckibbin said . a float of part of delhi would have rais between 200 and 300 mln dlr , but in opt to sell outright , csr had given itself the cash to practic elimin it debt and embark on an ambiti expans programm in it best-perform divis of sugar and build product , analyst said . csr not onli get the 985 mln dlr but also ha the right to share equal with esso ani higher return result from an oil price over 20 u.s. dlr a barrel in the next two year . delhi is one of australia 's largest onshor oil produc yield about six mln barrel a year from the cooper basin . analyst said the deal could net csr as much as three mln dlr for everi dollar rise in the oil price abov 20 dlr . neal goldston-morri of sydney broker & lt ; bain and co ltd > said the move out of delhi and invest in the sugar industri wa a sensibl one but ad that it repres the loss of australian-own asset to a foreign compani . `` the farm they bought back a few year ago is be sold back to the american , '' goldston-morri said . the pioneer sugar invest would make csr by far the largest player in australia 's 850 mln dlr a year sugar industri and would give it access to some of the best sugar properti and mill in the countri , analyst said . they said pioneer sugar wa expect to recommend accept of the bid through which csr would benefit from the bottom out of a cyclic downturn in sugar price . sugar price are forecast to rise to 340 dlr a tonn next season from an estim 270 dlr thi year , they said . sell delhi meant csr ha final quit a damag invest , made in 1981 , which ha drag down the company' overal perform , analyst said . csr last year wrote off more than 550 mln dlr in loss on what had been a 591 mln u.s. dlr invest financ entir from u.s. dollar debt , they said . `` it wa a bad invest for them . they financ it entir with debt , the currenc collaps on them and then the oil price collaps on them , '' owen evan of sydney broker & lt ; mear and philip ltd > said . esso not onli pick up delhi 's oil and ga output but also gain as much as 300 mln dlr in transfer tax loss accumul in explor allow and other concess . analyst said esso also gain it first real onshor stake in australia in it first major diversif from the 50/50 bass strait partnership with the broken hill pti co ltd & lt ; brkn. > . `` esso ha been veri keen to diversifi from the gippsland basin . they have n't found too much oil in bass strait late and esso need a larg pool of ongo product , '' goldston-morri said .