japan to cut microchip output , boost import lead domest semiconductor maker will boost import and cut product of key memori microchip from next month in line with govern attempt to ward off u.s. trade sanction , compani spokesmen said . the move might persuad the u.s. to call off the sanction , despit obstacl to full implement of the plan , analyst said . the tariff will affect about 300 mln dlr worth of product and are in retali for japan 's alleg failur to honour a semiconductor trade pact . in announc the sanction last friday , presid reagan said japan had not fulfil it promis to halt predatori price and open japan 's market to foreign product . but u.s. trade repres clayton yeutter said yesterday on u.s. televis that the u.s. is will to drop the tariff if japan show a `` clear indic '' that it will open it market to u.s. good . the ministri of intern trade and industri ( miti ) ha urg produc to slash output of the chip by 11 pct in the second quarter , follow a call to reduc product by more than 20 pct the previou quarter . miti also urg maker to boost chip import . analyst said the move could encourag washington to cancel the tariff ahead of next month 's meet between prime minist yasuhiro nakason and presid reagan . `` the u.s. want to be satisfi . it ha rattl it sword and shown that it can and will do busi , '' said analyst nick edward at jardin fleme secur ltd in tokyo . but analyst caution that although japanes produc can cut output , boost import -- the key to u.s. withdraw of the sanction -- is more difficult . `` the u.s. doe not have the low-end consum ic' ( integr circuit ) that the japanes need for consum product . they 're well suppli here , '' said richard may , senior analyst at barclay de zoet wedd ltd in tokyo . the u.s. lead in product of medium and high-end ic 's , but japanes maker are keen to develop their own high-end product skill , the analyst said . `` the japanes must be prepar to trade some loss on semiconductor in return for free access to other area , '' said edward . a spokesman for hitachi ltd & lt ; hit.t > , said the firm' reduc output of 256 kilobit dynam random access memori ( 256k dram ) wa unrel to miti 's effort to ward off the trade sanction . decreas product wa a natur result of the compani increas output of one-mln bit dram 's , he said . compani offici unveil the follow plan - - nec corp & lt ; nesi.t > , japan 's largest chipmak , plan to slash product of 256k dram semiconductor by 29.41 pct to six mln per month from a monthli averag of 8.5 mln last quarter . in the year begin april 1 , nec will boost chip import , which compris some 20 pct of all nec chip consumpt the year befor . - hitachi ltd 's & lt ; hit.t > april output of 256k dram 's will fall by 25.93 pct to four mln compar to 5.4 mln in march . the compani is tri to boost import but ha not set a specif target . import are current veri low . - toshiba corp & lt ; tsba.t > will reduc april 256k dram product by 16.67 pct to just over four mln and is consid way to boost import , a compani offici said . toshiba ha an agreement with motorola inc ( mot.n ) to sell the u.s. firm 's chip in japan . the firm are plan a joint-ventur product of memori chip in sendai , northern japan . - mitsubishi electr corp ( miet.t ) will trim second quarter output by about 10 pct to between 5.5 mln to 5.6 mln chip compar to the first quarter . plan call for increas import but an offici said `` boost import will be difficult as it depend on sale demand . '' - fujitsu ltd ( itsu.t ) will cut product in accord with miti guidelin and boost import from current low level . - oki electr industri co ltd ( okie.t ) will reduc april product by 10 pct from march 's 3.2 mln . oki is studi way to increas import by 10 pct in the fiscal year begin april 1 from the previou year 's total of more than five billion yen , a compani offici said .