commod pact more orient toward market consum countri , chasten by the collaps of intern tin council ( itc ) price support oper in 1985 , are insist more than ever befor that commod pact reflect the realiti of the market they are serv , a reuter survey show . they want price rang to be more respons to market trend - to avoid overstimul output and strain the accord ' support oper - and intervent rule that avoid the risk of export by non-memb undermin the pact . consum and produc , mind of itc buffer stock loss , have also sought strict condit for buffer oper . import and some key export countri have shun a generalis approach to commod price stabilis and prefer to assess each commod case by case , the survey show . the intern cocoa organ ( icco ) last week set precis limit on what the buffer stock manag ( bsm ) could do under the new agreement . it impos daili and weekli purchas limit , prohibit the bsm from oper on futur market and stipul , after consum insist , that up to 15 pct of total buffer stock purchas could be of non-memb cocoa . thi will help prevent lower qualiti cocoa from malaysia , the world 's fourth largest produc , undermin the market . the cocoa pact establish precis differenti the buffer stock manag must use when purchas vari grade . a new intern natur rubber agreement ( inra ) wa adopt earlier thi month in geneva . import and export countri agre sever chang to make the refer price more respons to market trend and they elimin provis under which the buffer stock could borrow from bank to financ oper . direct cash contribut from member will fund buffer stock purchas . bank financ wa a particular featur of the fail itc buffer stock which suffer loss run into hundr of million of sterl . legal wrangl continu . recent intern coffe organ ( ico ) negoti in london exemplifi the degre to which consum insist that agreement reflect market realiti , commod analyst said . consum and a small group of produc argu that `` object criteria '' should be use to defin export quota share , which would have meant a reduct in the share of brazil , the world 's lead produc . brazil want to maintain it previou quota share of 30 pct . the talk broke down and , although an ico execut board meet start in london today , deleg and trade sourc see chanc of ani near term negoti on export quota distribut as remot . intern agreement exist for sugar and wheat . these do not have ani econom claus but provid a forum for discuss on possibl futur econom agreement , collect statist and draw up market analys . analyst said differ between sugar export countri have held up ani progress toward an accord with econom teeth , while sheer competit between major export amid a world grain glut milit against ani pact with econom provis for wheat . an altern focu for commod discuss are intern studi group , made up of govern with advic from industri , such as those for lead and zinc and rubber . the u.n. common fund for commod , with a plan directli contribut capit of 470 mln dlr , ha fail to becom oper becaus neither the u.s. nor the soviet union ha ratifi it . u.s. offici in washington said the u.s. doubt the fund would be abl to fulfil it object , cite the lack of widespread support . u.s. offici in washington and malaysian offici in kuala lumpur express a polici of look at each commod pact case by case . u.s. offici said it ha been will to studi individu case for econom sound , market-ori commod accord balanc produc and consum interest . `` we see littl to be gain by attempt to increas the price of a commod whose long-term trend is downward , '' offici administr polici state . the u.s. current belong to onli two intern commod agreement that have econom claus - the intern coffe agreement ( ica ) and inra - but it is also a member of the sugar and wheat pact . the u.s. did not join the intern cocoa agreement becaus it consid it propos price rang unrealist and not design to protect the interest of consum countri , the state depart said . u.s. offici singl out the inra as the one commod agreement that seem to be work . u.s. negoti were success in get other member of the pact to agre that the price review and adjust mechan of the rubber agreement would accur reflect market trend and also to continu the accord as a market orient agreement , u.s. offici said . canadian offici in ottawa also said they have consist tri to look at membership of commod pact on the merit of each case . malaysian primari industri minist lim keng yaik told reuter in kuala lumpur hi countri , the world 's top produc of rubber , tin and palm oil , decid it particip in intern commod pact case by case . malaysia is a member of the associ of tin produc countri ( atpc ) which produc 65 pct of world tin . the atpc launch a plan to limit member tin export to 96,000 tonn for a year from march to cut the tin surplu to 50,000 from 70,000. economist in the west german ministri of agricultur and deleg to cocoa , wheat and sugar agreement peter baron told reuter in london , `` agreement with econom claus to stabilis price could function if fix price rang were close to market realiti , if there wa full particip by produc and consum , and if particip were prepar to take their oblig in the framework of the agreement serious . '' but baron ad , `` no real sanction are avail for a countri that doe n't stick to it oblig ... the german approach is sceptic . we do n't think agreement are the best instrument to help develop countri . they were never meant to be a vehicl for the transfer of resourc and that is how develop countri often interpret them . '' tradit britain ha alway been support of commod agreement , reflect it strong link with third world produc countri . but recent demand for more stringent and justifi pact with emphasi place on the need for `` intellectu honesti '' and `` object criteria '' have grown . british offici stress the need for commod pact to be a two way partnership in trade rather than a disguis for aid . it is now seen as essenti that ani pact involv direct market particip through a buffer stock have a high degre of transpar and do not contain the risk of open-end borrow that occur in the tin pact , they said . u.k. deleg talk of stabilis and the need for price to reflect chang in market structur and price trend rather than dictat what price should be . a foreign ministri offici in tokyo said japan urg price realism in commod pact , ad high price inflat suppli . a govern spokesman in pari said franc is favour to commod pact . franc , a larg consum and produc of sugar , favour a sugar pact as long as it reflect the real market situat , particularli regard stock . indonesia 's foreign minist mochtar kusumaatmadja told reuter in jakarta : `` these agreement can work as long as the problem are cyclic .. but it 's anoth matter when there are structur problem .. but we are still commit to commod agreement as an act of faith . '' nicaraguan extern trade minist alejandro martinez cuenca said in london produc can not afford not to give their back to commod agreement . `` the polit will is not there on the part of some consum to make agreement work , '' martinez cuenca said . the head of the econom depart in the brazilian foreign ministri , sebastiao do rego barro , told reuter an agreement can be success if it keep a link with market realiti . if you have an agreement such as coffe with a system of quota , with a link between price practis insid the pact and actual market price , it can work . unctad spokesman graham shanley said consum countri realis steadi export earn enhanc develop countri ' abil to servic debt and mean greater demand for industrialis nation ' capit good .