ferruzzi may float up to 49 pct of pari unit & lt ; gruppo ferruzzi > is studi a project which could result in a public share offer of up to 49 pct of it french unit & lt ; european sugar ( franc ) > and could rais around 400 mln dlr , ferruzzi chairman raul gardini said . gardini told reuter the oper under consider wa aim at `` intern market '' and that the figur of 400 mln dlr given in some press report `` wa probabl about right . '' european sugar , wholly-own by ferruzzi unit eridania zuccherifici nazionali spa & lt ; erdi.m > , is expect to absorb the european corn wet mill busi of cpc intern inc & lt ; cpc.n > which ferruzzi recent agre to buy . ferruzzi announc last week it had agre in principl to buy the cpc oper for 630 mln dlr . a ferruzzi spokesman later confirm that the group wa studi the transfer of the cpc busi to european sugar along with a possibl share offer in the pari unit , but gave no detail . the flotat plan ha been interpret by financi analyst as a mean of help financ the acquisit of the cpc busi . in london yesterday , chairman of belgian starch produc & lt ; amylum nv > pierr callebaut told reuter that sinc ferruzzi wa `` appar still organis financ , '' hi compani might still succeed with it rival bid for the cpc busi . gardini , comment on callebaut 's remark , said the 630 mln dlr agre for the cpc acquisit would be paid `` at the date foreseen in the preliminari contract . '' gardini could not reveal the date in question nor give ani indic of the like time of an offer of share in european sugar , but it wa announc last week that ferruzzi' purchas of the cpc busi wa expect to be complet by septemb 30. callebaut said yesterday that amylum wa surpris and disappoint that it 675 mln dlr bid cash offer for cpc' european busi wa appar reject in favour of ferruzzi 's lower bid . gardini , comment on callebaut 's remark , said `` amylum should know that one succe in a bid by make the right offer at the right moment - exactli as ferruzzi did in the case of the acquisit of cpc 's european busi . '' gardini said it wa not callebaut 's busi to concern himself with the european sugar capit rais oper under studi , he ad . ask about press report that ferruzzi might follow up the european sugar flotat with the sale of 49 pct of the cpc busi , gardini said : `` we do not exclud have minor partner in the cpc busi . '' he declin to elabor .