trade war fear may prompt stock market ' downturn the threaten trade war between the unit state and japan is just the kind of shock that economist say could send world stock market into a tailspin . but they are not so sure if that would be a brief correct dip , or whether thi week 's fall share price mark the start of a `` bear `` market . `` it 's the billion dollar question , `` said richard o'brien , economist at american express intern bank in london . japan 's trade surplu -- 92.7 billion dlr last year -- ha pour into share and bond market around the world , and fund a good chunk of the huge u.s. budget deficit . around a third of ani new sale of u.s. treasuri bond ha been bought by the japan . howev , japan investor have lost money as the dollar fall and will lose more if the unit state let it fall further to cut the trade deficit . the counterpart of improv the trade deficit either through a lower dollar or becau the u.s. increa duti on japan electron good , may be to hit the capit inflow which ha financ the budget deficit . and if the u.s. trade deficit doe fall , the japan will have less money to invest . to entic u.s. investor to fill the gap that would be left if the japan stop buy u.s. bond , interest rate would have to soar , o'brien said . the subsequ shift from share to bond could cau major fall on the world stock market . `` a year ago , we could be pretti confid about the market , `` said o'brien . `` now , it is much less certain . `` buoyant share price are suppo to reflect a boom economi . but the world economi , with sluggish growth at best in the industri nation , a massiv load of third world debt and huge trade imbal is not in good shape , said o'brien . nevertheless , new york analyst william raferti , of smith barney harri upham said `` we 're still in a bull market , `` ad that correct are a normal part of a rise market and `` the bear usual strike slowli . `` economist evelyn brodi , at morgan grenfel and co in london , said the huge sum of money go through the world financ system will keep a floor under share and bond price . although interest by the japan in put their money in non-dollar denomin bond and stock ha increa it 's veri difficult to see where el they can put their money than in u.s. dollar and especi the u.s. treasuri ( bond ) market , accord to david butcher , a senior execut at yamaichi secur co ltd 's bond oper in london . he said the japan are pay much closer attent now to the french franc and west german mark . in the longer run , he worri about what trade tension and the dollar 's slide will mean for secur market .