gencorp & lt ; gy > altern plan due within a week a. william reynold , chairman and chief execut of gencorp inc , told sharehold he expect to announc a compani altern to a 100-dlr-per-shar hostil tender within a week . last night the compani urg sharehold to reject the tender . reynold urg sharehold to be patient , say the group sponsor the tender offer had month to evalu gencorp while `` we have had onli 10 day to respond . '' reynold also disclos the compani ha resolv legal challeng to it plan sale of wor tv , serv the new york citi market , and expect to complet the sale by friday . reynold said the compani expect to book an after tax gain of 250 mln dlr from the sale of wor tv . the compani plan to sell the station to mca inc & lt ; mca > for 387 mln dlr . reynold did not specifi whether the legal challeng were drop or dismiss . the feder commun commiss ha alreadi approv the station 's sale . money from the sale of the station will play a role in help develop an altern to the tender offer co-sponsor by afg industri inc & lt ; afg > and wagner and brown , reynold said . he provid no other detail . randal hubbard , chairman of afg , and joel reed , chief financi offic of wagner and brown , attend the meet , which wa shift from a tire plant to a downtown hotel . about 300 peopl were present despit an overnight snowstorm . hubbard and reed chat briefli with reynold after the meet but declin to discuss their propos with report . reynold told the sharehold friend and famili member have been tell him `` bill , just do n't pay greenmail '' to end the takeov threat . greenmail describ a buyout of a minor sharehold at a price not avail to other holder . reynold said he consid it a `` repugn devic . '' sharehold elect manag 's slate of 11 director . mario gabelli , head of a new york invest firm which own a larg block of stock , propos one nomine for the board . gabelli said the unsuccess attempt wa design to `` stiffen the backbon of the board to discourag greenmail . '' hubbard and reed reiter previou statement that they are open to negoti with gencorp . ask about sever contract for key execut in the event of a shift in control of the compani , reynold assert `` we 're develop altern that would not result in a chang in control . '' ask whether the compani 's plan would be superior to ani propos of afg and wagner and brown , reynold comment , `` we know the compani , we know the valu and we know the opportun better than ani outsid group . '' in respons to a question about whether ani unit are up for sale , he said onli that gencorp is evalu altern .