canada 's airlin profit seen higher canada 's airlin industri , shaken up by a recent merger that creat a power new competitor for government-own air canada , ha begun it first seriou drive for profit in 50 year , industri analyst said . `` now we 've got a compani that can compet with air canada , '' said thoma bradley of richardson greenshield of canada ltd. `` clearli , it can go head-to-head in ani market . '' the new airlin , which aros from the 300-mln-canadian-dlr takeov of canadian pacif air line ltd by the small but cash-rich pacif western airlin corp , wa launch last week as canadian airlin intern ltd. canadian airlin will have 35-40 pct of the 6-billion-canadian-dlr domest market , against air canada' 50-55 pct . wardair intern ltd is third with about nine pct . analyst believ pacif western 's aggress and cost-consci chairman rhi eyton will develop the true potenti of the former cp air , which flounder for four decad insid the bureaucraci of conglomer canadian pacif ltd. they said cp air 's manag style had been not much differ from that of air canada , form 50 year ago , becaus neither airlin wa held account to it owner . `` not that long ago , mayb even just six month ago , these two airlin were total fiscal irrespons . neither seem that concern about the bottom line , '' said bradley . `` but with cp air be run by eyton , it will be veri consciou of profit and sharehold return . and air canada is on the verg of go that way , '' he said . cp air , alway fight for market share rather than profit , wa `` a perenni money-los , '' analyst wilfr hahn of bach secur inc said in a recent report . prior to it takeov in decemb , it had accumul long-term debt of 600 mln canadian dlr . from 1981 to 1985 , it loss total 87 mln canadian dlr . air canada , wide expect to be privat later thi year in a public share offer , lost 14.8 mln canadian dlr on revenu of 2.72 billion dlr in 1985. it ha a debt of more than 2 billion dlr . although onli a minor interest is like to be sold to the public , the prospect of privat at a time of increas competit is forc air canada to pay more attent to financ , analyst said . it recent disclos that it expect to report a profit `` in excess of 35 mln to 40 mln dlr '' for 1986. howev , thi profit recoveri wa due less to manag skill than the fact that all canadian airlin had a good year in 1986 , analyst said . tourist came to canada in record number last year , attract by the rel weak canadian dollar and expo 86 in vancouv , which alon had more than 22 mln visitor . for the next few year , most analyst see three-six pct air traffic growth , and they expect profit will come from cost-cut and care spend . peter friend of walywn stodgel cochran murray ltd said institut buyer will be eager to add air canada to their portfolio as a blue-chip invest , but warn that new competit make profit growth less certain . `` the airlin with someth to lose will be air canada . at one time , it had a fix system which wa their and nobodi els 's , '' friend said . mani analyst recommend that investor buy and hold airlin share for at least a year . analyst said air canada 's immedi concern ahead of a public stock offer will be unload unprofit air rout without set off a polit storm . it also will be face with an expens but necessari updat of it age fleet of 111 aircraft . wardair , prefer strong medicin now instead of later , alreadi ha embark on a one-billion-canadian-dlr purchas of a dozen aircraft from europ 's airbu industri . canadian airlin , which ha 81 aircraft , last week order six commut plane from british aerospac and said it would soon buy as mani as six wide-bodi aircraft from airbu or the boe co. analyst said canadian airlin , with it newer fleet , need to make fewer replac and can afford these without hurt profit . steven garmais of wood gundi inc expect canadian airlin ' profit in 1988 will more than doubl last year 's 29.8 mln canadian dlr by pacif western .