grain report improv u.s. farm outlook-analyst the u.s. grain plant intent and stock report bear optimist news for u. agricultur , a grain analyst on a chicago board of trade panel said . the declin in intend soybean acreag and lower stock are `` the first report we 've had for a long time that show ani optim for anybodi , '' said john `` bud '' frazier , grain analyst and execut vice presid for balfour maclain , inc. `` i 'm realli excit about it , '' frazier said . the u.s. depart of agricultur said farmer intend to plant 67.6 mln acr of corn , down from 76.7 mln plant last year , and 56.8 mln acr of soybean , down from 61.5 mln . the report show march 1 stock of 1.4 billion bushel of soybean , 8.3 billion bushel of corn , and 2.3 billion bushel of wheat , all below trade guess . frazier wa join by susan hackmann , senior grain analyst with agrianalysi , and mark meyer , a grain analyst with shearson lehman brother , inc. , on a chicago board of trade panel to discuss the report . frazier said the stock report in particular were friendli for the market , and soybean price would jump three to five cent a bushel `` if the bell rang right now . '' `` we 're get our disappear up . we have less ( corn and soybean ) than we thought we had , '' he said , note that hog and poultri product is up . `` we 're see low price gener some interest in demand , '' said meyer , ad that feed use wa up 13 pct last quarter and 15 pct in the preced quarter . howev , hackmann said product could continu to exceed consumpt . she note that most of the reduct in soybean acr came in southeastern state , where yield are usual low . `` we have the potenti for record break soybean yield thi year , ( which ) will temper the enthusiasm on tomorrow' open , '' she said . hackmann said record corn yield also are possibl , and the crop could reach 7.1 billion bushel , which would be down from last year 's 8.25 billion bushel . `` we 'll need veri good disappear next year to reduc stock , '' she said . the usda estim disappear last year at 6.7 billion bushel . hackmann said the stock report wa posit for the long term , `` but we still have a long way to go to bring stock down to where we could start rebuild price . '' frazier also caution that the soybean acreag report could prompt farmer to chang their plan and plant more soybean . the panelist agre that the report should discourag talk of revis the 1985 farm bill . `` there seem to be no desir ... to chang the farm law we 're work under today , and thi report should reinforc that , '' frazier said . `` we are see the program begin to work , '' said meyer .