u.s. fed explor commod basket index the complex task of wield control over monetari polici in an increasingli fast-mov global economi could be aid by tie polici to commod price , the newest member of the feder reserv board say . commod price are alreadi consid by the fed in the make of monetari polici . but they would be given a much greater role under an idea be float by governor robert heller , who join the board last august . he conc that much more studi of the idea is need , but argu that such an arrang , particularli if it were adopt by other major industri countri , could reduc the volatil of exchang rate . moreov , it could help stabil of the price of commod themselv , slow chang in inflat . hi idea , which mani conserv economist find appeal , ha some back among board member appoint in recent year by presid reagan . it would complement the present system of open or close the monetari screw base on the pattern of inflat , key indic such as unemploy , and the rise or fall of the money suppli . chang in the money suppli can lead to chang in interest rate and affect econom activ directli . discuss on and off for a long time , the commod concept is part of a grow search for a system that anchor monetari polici and widely-fluxtu currenc price to a more solid base . `` what is need is an anchor or refer point that can serv as a guid for both domest and intern monetari purpo , `` say heller . in the past , thi anchor wa gold but the unit state went off the gold standard becau the global economi had vastli outstrip gold suppli . a return to the gold standard is gener dismiss out of hand by most policymak on the ground that the largest produc of gold are the soviet union and south africa . the so-cal fix rate system , scuttl in the earli 1970 , is still consid unwork in the present world . but the current system of float currenc in which currenc can fluxtuat wide , ad vast pressur to the monetari system , is also be wide question . some have suggest that the system might benefit from a formal approach that mandat interv by countri when currenc wander abov or below agr to level but there are major problem with thi also . for one thing , there is justifi concern that countri might be relunct to interven if they felt it might be detriment to their own domest economi . moreov , some question whether concert interv can make much of an inpact if the over market doe not agr with the fundament judgement . the poorest countri have call for a monetari confer to work out a new system that , not surprisingli , help them cope with their overpow debt problem . treasuri secretari jame baker , the reagan administr ' chief econom architect , ha prefer to use the so-cal group of five industri countri or sometim , seven , as a forum to work out cooper agreement on currenc and other econom matter . he appear convinc that offici from west germani , franc , britain , japan , itali and canada talk quietli behind close door can reach reason deci away from public postur . the heller approach , while extrem complex , could have a profound impact on the system , ideal stabal price and intern exchang rate . as envi by heller , a basket of say , 30 major commod rang from wheat to oil , would be put togeth and price would be measur on a regular basi . `` in time of rise commod price , monetari polici might be tighten and in time of fall commod price , montari polici might be ea , `` he say . he note that commod price are trade daili in auction market , and a commod price index can be calcul on a virtual continu basi . moreov , most commod price are produc , consum and trade on a world-wid basi , so `` that an index ha a relev for the entir world , `` he say . in addit , commod price are at the begin of the product chain and serv as an imput into virtual all product process . `` focu on commod price as an earli and sensit indic of current and perhap also futur price pressur , the monetari author may take such an index into account in make their monetari polici deci , `` he say . howev , he say that ani major chang in a basic commod such as occur in oil dure the 1970 becau of action by the opec cartel , would have to be discount in such a system . he say the worst thing that could happen is to allow monetari polici to spread a freakish increa in one commod to the rest of the system and to other commod .