auditor give first citi & lt ; fbt > qualifi opinion first citi bancorp of texa , which lost a record 402 mln dlr in 1986 , said in it annual report it expect oper loss to continu `` for the forese futur '' as it continu to search for addit capit or a merger partner . the houston-bas bank 's 1986 financi statement receiv a qualifi opinion from it auditor , arthur andersen and co. the auditor said their opinion wa subject to first citi eventu obtain addit capit . `` the compani believ that in order to address it long-term need and return to a satisfactori level of oper , it will ultim need sever hundr million dollar of addit capit , or a combin with a more strongli capit entiti , '' first citi said in a note to it financi statement includ in the annual report . `` manag believ that suffici resourc should be avail to cover interim capit concern while addit capit is be sought , '' the bank said . to rais cash in the near-term , first citi said it may sell or mortgag non-strateg asset , recov excess contribut to it pension plan and obtain special dividend from some of it member bank . `` the loss for 1987 are expect to be substanti less than in 1986 , '' first citi chairman j.a . elkin said in a letter includ in the annual report . `` howev , the ultim return to satisfactori oper condit is depend on the success resolut of the relat problem of credit qualiti , fund and the eventu need for substanti addit capit . '' first citi said it anticip that certain coven of a credit agreement with unaffili bank requir most of first citi 's excess cash to be appli to debt repay would be modifi by the end of the first quarter in order to avoid default . the bank agre to similar amend to the coven last year and first citi ha reduc it borrow from 120 mln dlr at 1986 yearend to 68.5 mln dlr in recent week . although the parent compani 's capit adequaci ratio exceed regulatori minimum requir at the end of 1986 , first citi said it two largest subsidiari did not . first citi nation bank of houston had a primari capit ratio of 5.34 pct and first citi bank of dalla had a 4.75 pct ratio . hard-hit by the collaps in oil and texa real estat price , first citi 's net loan chargeoff total 366 mln dlr last year , up from 261 mln dlr in 1985. the bank more than doubl it loan loss provis to 497 mln dlr at the end of 1986. first citi said chargeoff and paydown reduc it total energi loan portfolio by 32 pct dure 1986 , to 1.4 billion dlr at year-end , ad that futur energi chargeoff `` should be more modest . '' the amount repres 15 pct of first city' total loan . in real estat , first citi said it nonperform asset nearli doubl last year to 347 mln dlr at year-end . chargeoff of real estat loan rose to 32 mln dlr , or nine pct of total loan chargeoff , and the bank said the amount could go higher . `` the compani still face uncertainti in the real estat market and anticip further deterior in the pportfolio so long as the region recess persist , '' first citi said . `` becaus the carri valu of mani of these loan is collater depend , a further declin in the overal valu of the collater base could caus an increas in the level of real estate-rel chargeoff . ''