emeri air & lt ; eaf > to bid for purol & lt ; pcc > emeri air freight corp said it plan to begin tomorrow a 40 dlr a share tender offer for 83 pct of the outstand common stock of purol courier corp. the compani said the tender offer is the first step in a plan to buy 100 pct of the purol share . follow the tender offer , emeri said it would offer 40 dlr of junior subordin debentur for each remain purol share outstand . on march one , purol agr to a 35 dlr a share leverag buyout by eight purol execut and ef hutton lbo inc , a unit of ef hutton group inc. emeri said it had tri unsuccess to open merger discuss with purol befor the compani accept the management-l buyout offer . in a letter to purol 's chairman , nichola f. bradi , emeri 's chairman , john c. emeri , said the compani would still prefer to negoti with purol . but he said the immin expir of the leverag buyout group 's offer ha forc the compani to make an unsolicit tender offer of it own . emeri said it offer is schedul to expir at 2400 est on april 28 , unless extend . the compani said condit of the offer includ the receipt of at least two-third of purol 's share outstand , on a fulli dilut basi , and the repeal of it share purcha right plan . emeri said the offer is also subject to complet of the previou announc sale of purol 's canadian oper . emeri said chemic bank , banker trust , morgan guaranti trust co and salomon bro had agr to provid financ for the tender offer . it said the junior subordin debentur to be issu in the subsequ merger will carri a 13 pct annual interest rate , payabl twice a year . for the first three year after the note are issu , interest will be paid , at emeri 's option , in cash or in addit note , emeri said . it ad that the note will not be subject to redempt for one year after they are issu . emeri said purol would oper as a wholli own unit of the compani after the merger . it said it hope purol ' manag would continu with the compani . `` we believ that our two compani provid an excel fit with each other and that the combin will enabl each of us to better serv our exist custom and meet the challeng of the futur , `` emeri 's chairman said in hi letter . he said a merger would significantli enhanc the financ turnaround that purol 's manag had previou forecast . offici at purol could not immedi be reach for comment on the offer , which wa relea sever hour after the stock market had close . emeri 's stock close up 1/2 at 12-5/8 . purol close at 34-7/8 , off 5/8 .