seipp say german interest rate should fall the bundesbank should take further step to reduc german interest rate to protect the mark from further appreci and to persuad investor to bring long-term yield lower , commerzbank ag & lt ; cbkg.f > manag board chairman walter seipp said . but he told the bank 's annual news confer thi did not mean a cut in lead interest rate , rather a reduct in money market rate through bring the alloc rate down for bundesbank secur repurchas agreement . `` lead interest rate are not the decis rate , '' he said . `` the money market rate are the import one . '' seipp said the bundesbank should move away from alloc money market liquid at a fix 3.8 pct as it ha in recent tender alloc . an easier monetari polici would not mean a loss of credibl for the bundesbank in it contain of monetari growth . a fall in short rate would make the public awar of the high yield in bond and lead to a longer-term capit format , brake the expans of money suppli . `` thu , you can have lower rate and also a normalis of monetari growth both at the same time , '' he ad . seipp said there were no ground to paint too black a pictur of the german economi , sinc compani profit had improv over recent year and domest orient firm were profit from cheaper import becaus of the rise in the mark . growth thi year should be at least one pct , he said , describ the downturn in product in the first month as a fals start , unrepres of the rest of the year . after an econom contract in the first quarter , the economi should show an uptrend in the last three . `` we don't believ that the economi ha tip over , but see it more as a 'growth dip , ' '' seipp said . but seipp also call for support for growth from fiscal polici , say the top rate of incom and corpor tax should be brought down to 49 pct . the current peak rate is 56 pct . the addit tax cut brought forward to next januari were no substitut for support for growth . seipp ad the feder govern should make `` further courag step to decreas the state 's proport of the german economi and to increas it flexibl . ''