commerzbank see lower oper profit thi year commerzbank ag & lt ; cbkg.f > manag board chairman walter seipp said that from the present viewpoint the bank must expect 1987 full oper profit to be lower than in 1986. in the first two month of the year , partial oper profit -- exclud trade on the bank 's own account - declin , he said , without give detail . the interest surplu fell 2.8 pct compar with 2/12th of 1986 result , while the commiss surplu , becau of the quiet stock exchang busi , fell back still more strongli . by contrast the personnel and fix asset expen increa . german bank do not report full oper profit . but seipp said last year the figur for the first time had top one billion mark for the parent bank , and the group result wa around 50 pct higher than thi . comment on 1986 , seipp said , `` we were abl to rai the full oper profit ... slightli abov the record result of 1985 becau own account profit increa slightli . `` he gave no concret detail but ad that in januari and februari , good own account trade profit meant that the drop in full oper earn wa more modest than that in the partial oper figur . the bank would , as a result , be more profit-ori in futur , develop , for exampl , more into invest bank , keep a tight rein on personnel cost and dampen expenditur on fix asset . turn to 1986 result , seipp said by year end there had been a strong growth in busi volum . over the year busi volum rose by 9.9 pct to 93.2 billion mark compar with 1985 , seipp ad . group balanc sheet volum rose by 8.0 pct to 148.15 billion . it would have been around five billion mark higher still if currenc relationship had remain unchang . in the parent bank , the interest surplu rose nine pct in the year , while the interest margin held roughli at 1985 's 2.56 pct despit pressur on credit rate . the surplu on commiss busi , which had soar by a quarter in 1985 , rose by 11.6 pct last year thank almost exclu to growth in secur commiss , seipp said . personnel expenditur wa up 11.9 pct last year , at more than 1.5 billion mark . fix asset expenditur rose by 9.6 pct to more than 650 mln . as a result , the parent bank partial oper profit rose by 3.2 pct to 752 mln mark . parent bank tax payment rose to 244 mln mark last year from 233 mln in 1985. seipp said extraordinari earn includ a `` high two-figur million `` in profit from the sale of the bank 's aeg ag & lt ; aegg.f > share to daimler-benz ag & lt ; daig.f > dure the latter ' major stake purcha book last year . the abil of the bank to write off depreci in credit busi against profit from secur trade and earn on the sale of stake had been utili , as in prior year , to it full extent . becau of numer insolv at home , by far the largest part of the provi were set asid for individu write-down from domest busi . abroad , the circl of problem debtor countri rose last year , although the ratio of credit exposur to provi improv further . seipp said that becau about half the group 's exposur to problem nation wa in dollar , the bank had swap into dollar individu provi hitherto held primarili in mark . `` thi mean that no open currenc posit exist ani longer on the amount of the provi that is made against an actual default , `` he ad . despit the increa in concern over debtor nation in the last few week , he said , the intern bank commun is better arm than it wa against payment problem . all bank had significantli strengthen their capit base , most european bank had made consid provi against bad debt while gover and central bank were better prepar for unforseen difficulti . he describ debt-equ swap as a veri interest new approach to indebt nation ' problem . there wa a lot of interest in direct invest via an equiti particip in latin america , particularli from west german firm .