propos japan tax may dampen tokyo gold trade a propos sale tax on gold transact could put a damper on the tokyo market and encourag a shift of trade to hong kong and singapor , senior vice presid and tokyo branch manag of credit suiss paul hofer told a press confer . `` if you impos five pct on both buy and sell transact , tokyo particip in the gold market could be out of busi , '' he said . the tax would creat such a spread that japanes would be unabl to compet in the intern market , he ad . `` how can the govern realli rais tax if the system they impos is prohibit of gener busi ? '' he said . the govern now impos a 15 pct tax on physic trade exceed 37,500 yen for gold jewelleri and coin and a 2.5 yen tax per 10,000 yen on futur transact , gold dealer said . the new five pct tax would be impos on compani trade more than 100 mln yen a year and appli to paper gold trade , gold deposit with bank and trade of gold bar as well as that of jewelleri and coin , dealer said . howev , the tax would lower the rate on jewelleri and coin to onli five pct from the current 15 pct , they said . hofer said in 1982 switzerland had impos a 5.6 pct gold turnov tax on jan 1 , 1980 , but abolish it on oct 1 , 1986. a studi by one of the swiss bank show that in earli 1980 , the first year of the tax , the volum for all swiss bank fell by up to 25 pct compar with 1978 and 1979 , hofer said . transact of paper gold also fell up to 75 pct of the volum prior to imposit of the tax , he said . while gold transact in switzerland decreas , the volum of trade outsid the countri , particularli in london and luxembourg , increas between 10-25 pct , hofer said . japan is a major import of gold , buy a yearli averag just under 200 tonn , gold dealer said . last year japan import about 600 tonn of gold , but the govern had bought about 300 tonn for mint coin to commemor the 60th year of emperor hirohito 's reign , dealer said . gold trade in tokyo is domin mainli by japanes trade compani , while credit suiss is the major foreign particip . daili turnov in the tokyo spot market rang between one and 10 tonn with the averag around three tonn , while futur turnov amount to about four tonn , gold dealer said . `` all of us are concern daili with the fact that the tokyo market is grow , that japan is becom one of the three major financi market in the world ... and in my person opinion i think it would be a veri big mistak to put a damper on thi posit growth or develop by impos such a tax , '' hofer said . `` i do n't think it fit the philosophi of an internationalis market , '' he ad . offici of sever major japanes trade hous , attend the press confer , said they support credit suiss 's call for the govern not to impos the gold tax .