kenyan minist forecast econom expan kenya 's economi will continu to expand thi year and the govern will do more to encourag invest by foreign firm and the local privat sector , plan minist robert ouko said . he told a news confer that the govern would soon creat a special bureau to expedit process of invest applic by local and foreign investor . prai the role of multin compani and local entrepreneur in kenya 's economi , the minist promi to maintain a close work contact with the privat sector . the economi grew by 5.3 pct last year , up from 4.1 pct in 1985 , ouko said . thi wa owe to high price for the countri 's coff export , low oil price , low inflat and rise real incom , he ad . `` despit rise petroleum price and fall coff price , kenya 's economi is still expect to improv in 1987 , `` the plan minist said . `` high aggreg demand ari from low inflat , trade liberali and disciplin financ manag are expect to increa output in the manufactur sector , `` he said . agricultur would expand significantli if favour weather continu and farmer respond to produc price rise announc in februari , the minist ad . kenyan farmer are anxiou await the arriv of the long raini season , which is due to start about now . ouko said the product of kenya 's main cash crop increa dure the second half of last year . coff deliveri to the state-run coff board of kenya rose 17 pct and tea deliveri rose four pct dure the period , he said . ouko paid tribut to the privat sector for it contribut to the economi and promi to improv govern cooper with businessmen by maintain regular contact with them . `` i wish to pay tribut to the privat sector for it contribut to the economi in 1986 and challeng it to maintain the same spirit thi year ... the manufactur sector grew by an estim 5.8 pct in 1986 , in line with the same period the previou year , `` he said . ouko said the `` one stop `` bureau wa intend to stimul invest and cut the time and bureacraci current involv in process applic . the plan minist present a review of the kenyan economi dure the second half of 1986 which show inflat fall to 4.3 pct from 10.2 a year earlier . thi wa owe to higher agricultur product and the kenyan shill 's rel strength against other major currenc , the report said . the averag exchang rate wa 16.23 shill per u.s. dlr last year , a fall of onli 1.2 pct from 16.432 in 1985. the half yearli report said export increa about 30 pct in july-decemb 1986 , while import rose by onli six pct dure the period . thi gave kenya an over balanc of payment surplu of 780 mln kenya shill ( 48 mln dlr ) dure the period , compar with a 1.4 billion shill ( 87 mln dlr ) deficit in the second half of 1985 , it said .