hog report show more hog on farm the usda quarterli hog and pig report yesterday show more hog on u.s. farm compar to last year as profit result from low grain price encourag produc to step up product , analyst said . most analyst seem to agr with chicago mercantil exchang floor trader that the report will be view as bearish to pork futur and futur price may open sharpli lower today . some trader and analyst expect limit declin in nearbi contract , with spillov sell like in cattl . univ of missouri agronomist glen grime said , `` the report show that hog produc have respond to a veri desir feed ratio that they enjoy for the past 10 month . `` shearson lehman analyst chuck levitt said hog futur price are abov produc ' break even point . even if futur fell the daili limit of 1.50 cent today , produc could still lock in a profit , which increa the likelihood of heavi sell pressur today . `` we have not had a period of profit of thi magnitud sinc last summer , `` levitt said . `` in fact , hog oper on mani mix livestock/grain enterpri have been so profit that it actual enabl some farmer to get back on their feet and refin their loan just base on the hog oper alon . `` levitt said the weight breakdown in the report also wa neg , in that some lead time wa anticip befor the slaughter increa from the previou year . we expect farmer to increa hog oper , but we did n't expect thi degr of expan to show up in a 10-state spring report , levitt ad . high hog corn ratio ( the number of bushel of corn that could be bought for 100 lb of hog ) and the result increa profit , encourag farmer and confin oper to increa product start late last year . analyst also note that part of the increa in the hog herd result from a revi of the decemb report and without the revi , the march report might have been veri close to averag expect . robin fuller of agri analysi said the usda made a major upward revi of 105,000 head in the size of the breed herd in the decemb 1 report . so the decemb report wa more bearish than initi indic . but fuller , as well as other analyst , expect the report to be less neg on defer futur contract . distant contract are alreadi at a sharp discount to cash becau trader anticip high farrow intent , she note . discount in the octob and decemb contract take into consid a six to seven pct increa in march/may farrow intent , which wa born out in the march 1 report , fuller said . grime said , `` as far as the distant month are concern , if our first quarter pig crop is up onli six pct and under 60 lb inventori actual up onli five pct , it would take a tremend discount in price for each percent increa for us to push down to the price that the current futur show for the juli and august period . `` jerri abbenhau , analyst for age clear note that distant futur price are alreadi 15 to 20 dlr lower than they were last summer . `` if cash hog at the 7-market last year averag 61 dlr dure juli , that doe n't mean hog have to be 15 dlr cheaper thi year becau we have six pct more number , `` he said .