shultz ussr trip fuel talk of eep wheat offer specul the unit state will offer subsid wheat to the soviet union appear to have reach a new level of intens in the run-up to secretari of state georg shultz ' visit later thi month to moscow . rumor of an impend deal have cours through wheat market sinc offici from the two countri held their customari , semi-annu grain talk in februari . moscow' decis at that time to reenter the u.s. corn market strengthen the percept of warm farm trade prospect . shultz is set to arriv in moscow april 13. shultz ' statement two week ago that he would not stand in the way of a wheat subsidi offer under the export enhanc program , eep , coupl with the announc of hi visit to moscow , wa interpret by mani grain trade repres here as a clear signal that the reagan administr wa prepar an offer . administr offici -- in and out of the u.s. agricultur depart -- have been extrem tight-lip about the prospect of a subsidi offer . but usda offici for the most part have abandon the content the propos is dormant , suggest that an offer , while not a `` done deal , '' is a live possibl . promin u.s. grain trade repres -- mani of whom ask not to be identifi -- continu to maintain that an offer to subsid four mln tonn of wheat is immin . other , who one month ago claim a deal wa not possibl , are say they would not rule one out . rep. pat robert , r-kan. , yesterday went so far as to predict a subsidi offer would be made within the next ten day to two week . aid to robert said he had spoken to republican leader who had been in contact with administr offici . richard fritz , director of intern market at u.s. wheat associ , said he wa confid an export enhanc offer would be made by the middl of thi month . fritz also said he thought the valu of the bonu would end up be close to the offer washington made peke earlier thi year when usda approv subsidi to china of around 36 dlr per tonn on one mln tonn of wheat . some grain trade repres say a four-mln-tonn wheat subsidi offer might help stimul more soviet purchas of u.s. corn and open the door to u.s. sale of soybean . as ever , one of the crucial stick point in a wheat deal would appear to be price . last summer the administr took the controversi step of offer the soviet subsid wheat -- but were embarrass when moscow spurn the propos on the ground that the 15-dlr-per-tonn subsidi still left u.s. wheat price far abov world market price . the administr 's decis to set the subsidi level up front instead of accept bid from export appear to be a mean of control the price while attempt to dampen critic , grain trade sourc said . nonetheless , the price procedur did not prevent shultz from say the soviet were `` chortl '' becaus washington wa offer soviet housew cheaper grain than that avail to u.s. housew . the convent wisdom among grain trade repres here is that a gener warm of relat between the two countri sinc last summer , combin with continu hard time in the u.s. grain belt , would favor a subsidi offer . in addit , the ussr ha made it clear it would consid buy u.s. wheat if it were price more competit . howev , observ have not forgotten the circumst surround the administr 's announc of the wheat subsidi offer last summer . up until the time of the announc , congression and industri leader were led to believ the white hous had decid to expand the export enhanc program to includ not onli the soviet , but also a much broader list of countri . instead , the administr scale back the offer to includ onli the soviet . that last-minut chang of heart add a measur of uncertainti even to the predict of those most convinc that the administr will not now pass up the opportun to sell four mln tonn of wheat to the soviet union .