ico quota befor octob unlik - deleg the restor of coff export quota befor the end of the current 1986/87 coff year ( oct 1/sept 30 ) now seem unlik , given reluct by intern coff organ , ico , produc and consum to resum negoti on an interim quota accord , produc deleg told report . consum and most produc see no point in reopen the quota dialogu while brazil 's posit remain unchang , they said . brazil 's refu to accept a reduct in it previou 30 pct share of the ico 's global export quota effect torpedo talk here last month aim at restor quota befor octob , the deleg note . disappoint at the lack of progress on quota forc coff futur in london and new york to new low today , trader here said . near may in new york fell below one dlr in earli trade at around 99.10 cent per pound , trader said . produc deleg said that while the possibl of reimpo quota befor octob remain on the ico agenda , in practic the idea had effect been discard . the ico 's execut board session here thi week ha so far bare touch on the quota debat , demonstr gener unwil to reviv talk while chanc of success are still remot , produc deleg said . some produc are in no hurri to see quota restor , despit the price collap seen sinc the failur of last month 's negoti , they said . `` with brazil 's frost season approach , who want to negoti quota , `` one lead produc deleg said . coff price normal rise dure brazil 's frost season ( mainli june-august ) as dealer and roaster build up stock as insur against possibl sever frost damag to brazil ' crop . mani produc are more interest in work toward reimpo quota from octob 1 , base on a new system of quota alloc valid until the intern coff agreement expir in 1989 , they said . guatemala ha alreadi propo the `` other oild `` produc group should meet in the next two month to begin talk on how to alloc quota share . produc still seem divid on how to overhaul the quota distribut system , with some produc deleg report grow support for a radic realloc , base on the principl of `` object criteria `` favour by consum . at last month 's council session a splinter group of small produc back consum demand for new quota share base on export product and stock , while brazil , colombia and the rest of the produc favour leav quota alloc unchang , except for some temporari adjust . a deleg from one of the eight said more produc now support their cau . the deleg said unless major produc like brazil show readi to negoti new quota share , prospect for a quota accord in octob also look bleak . the u.s. and most other consum are still determin to make reimposit of quota condit on a redistribut of quota share base on `` object criteria . `` ico observ remain sceptic that brazil would be prepar to accept a quota reduct when the ico council meet in septemb . brazil ha adopt a tough stanc with bank on extern debt negoti and is like to be just as tough on coff , they said . they said brazil 's reluct to open coff export registr might reflect fear thi would provok anoth price slide and forc an emerg ico council session , which would most like end in failur . produc met thi afternoon to review the market situat but had onli a gener discuss about how further negoti should proceed , a produc deleg said . produc plan to hold consult on quota , and then may set a date for a formal produc meet , but plan are not fix , he said . the ico execut board reconven at 1650 hour local time to hear a report from consult on ico oper . the board meet look set to end today , a day earlier than schedul , deleg said .