currenc intervent time crucial - analyst the dollar 's recent declin , despit massiv central bank purchas , is a forc remind that offici intervent in the foreign exchang can work onli if it is well-tim to coincid with shift in market fundament or sentiment , dealer and analyst said . central bank may succeed in slow a trend , but , without accompani polici chang , they stand littl chanc of revers the direct of an ever-grow global market in which more than 200 billion dlr is trade everi day , the sourc said . `` time and psycholog are the key to success intervent , '' said jim o'neil , a financi market economist with marin midland bank inc. the import of complementari chang in econom fundament wa underlin yesterday when a chang in interest rate boost the dollar , instantli achiev what the central bank had tri in vain to do for a week through open market intervent . after citibank rais it prime rate by a quarter-point to 7-3/4 pct , the first chang in the rate sinc last august , the dollar start to advanc and reach a high in tokyo of 147.50 yen , up two yen from tuesday 's new york low . by contrast , monetari author spearhead by the bank of japan are estim to have bought as much as 10 billion dlr in the last 10 day of march but could not prevent the dollar from skid through 150 yen and plumb a 40-year low monday of 144.70 yen . some expert worri the central bank have lost more than just a temporari battl to prop up the dollar . the market is wari of be caught wrong-foot by a central bank foray , but is no longer mesmer . `` they 've lost their credibl . the market feel it can take on the central bank and win , '' said michael snow , head of treasuri oper at union bank of switzerland in new york . the rel failur of recent intervent stand in sharp contrast to the success that central bank score when they join forc to drive the dollar down follow the septemb 22 , 1985 , plaza accord . then , howev , central bank had an easi time of it , becaus the market and the treasuri of the major industri power were agre that the dollar need to head lower to redress massiv worldwid trade imbal . now , there is no such consensu . the market is say that the dollar must fall further becaus the u.s. trade deficit is show littl sign of improv , while japan is resist in a bid to protect it export industri . for it part , the unit state is appar content to let the dollar fall gradual further and is pay littl more than lip servic to the februari pari agreement of the group of five plu canada to foster stabil , dealer say . specif , they said the fed 's dollar-buy intervent ha been half-heart , design more as a polit gestur to japan than to strike fear into the market . `` it 's been pro-forma intervent , '' said francois soares-kemp , chief corpor trader at credit lyonnai . becaus of thi discord and the market 's momentum for a lower dollar , analyst said intervent look doom to fail . `` it 's go to take a lot more than the central bank to hold the dollar ( at these level ) , '' said snow , who predict anoth 10 to 15 pct depreci . `` there have to be structur chang that occur to make the market stop sell dollar , '' ad `` buy six billion dollar in three week is not go to do it . '' late last decad dure the presid of jimmi carter , when the dollar wa last under heavi specul attack , central bank sometim interven to the tune of six billion dlr in a singl day but still fail to stop the dollar fall to a record low of 1.70 mark , analyst said . snow said purchas on that scale now are unlik . `` i do n't think anybodi ha the stomach for it , becaus they saw the futil of it in the seventi . '' inde , becaus the market ha grown in leap and bound sinc then , intervent on an even greater scale would probabl be need to impress the market . trade volum in london , new york and tokyo alon last year averag nearli 188 billion dlr a day , accord to a joint central bank studi , about doubl the previou estim made just two year earlier by the group of thirti privat research group . there are sign that central bank , too , realiz the futil of swim against the tide . bank of japan sourc told reuter in tokyo earlier thi week that they believ the limit of currenc market intervent are perhap be reach and that other method for bolster the dollar , such as invok currenc swap agreement with other central bank , are be consid . `` in thi era of financi liber , it 's almost imposs to control the flow of capit in and out of japan , '' one senior offici in tokyo said .