conrac & lt ; cax > explor restructur , buyout conrac corp , whose board ha reject a 25 dlr a share tender offer from mark iv industri inc & lt ; iv > , said it is explor altern such as a restructur , leverag buyout or takeov of the compani . in a file with the secur and exchang commiss , conrac said it board of director author it financi and legal advisor to explor a sever altern to the mark iv offer , which it said it consid inadequ . the altern be explor includ a restructur , leverag buyout or a takeov of the compani by anoth compani , conrac said . conrac , which said it board discuss the altern at special meet on march 26 and 30 , said that it decis on whether to adopt ani of the altern would hing on `` the futur action of mark iv '' and it unsol tender offer . put into effect ani of the altern be explor could hurt or defeat the mark iv offer , it said . board member were also instruct to keep confidenti the term of ani transact that might be enter into until it becom final , the compani said . the board also took other defens step , includ grant sever agreement to some offic , it said . at a board meet yesterday , concac 's director delet a provis allow the holder of at least one-third of of all class of it vote stock to call a special sharehold meet and delet anoth provis allow sharehold to remov director without caus , the compani said . the defens move were taken becaus mark iv had said it plan to elect a major of it designe as director at a special holder meet if it succeed in acqur a major of the compani 's common stock in the offer , conrac said . conrac 's presid , vice presid and treasur were given sever agreement , or `` golden parachut , '' it said . under the agreement , conrac presid paul graf would get a cash payment of twice hi annual salari , which wa 209,906 dlr last year , if there were a chang of control in the compani , includ acquisit of 30 pct or more of the compani 's vote stock , conrac said . treasur joseph smorada and vice presid joseph o'donnel , who made 143,325 dlr last year , would get one-and-a-half time hi salari if there were a chang in control . smorada 's salari wa not list in the sec file . the execut would also get cash settlement of option plan and continu of insur and other benefit .