talk point/purol courier & lt ; pcc > emeri air freight corp top a leverag buyout offer for purol courier corp by about 40 mln dlr , but wall street is react as though anoth offer may surfac . purol 's stock climb 5-3/8 today , to 40-1/8 , 1/4 over emeri 's 40 dlr per share offer . emeri top a 35 dlr per share or 268 mln dlr offer from e.f. hutton lbo inc. some analyst said the latest , 306 mln dlr offer for purol exceed their expect . sever analyst previou had said they saw takeov valu for the packag deliveri compani in the 35 dlr per share rang . at least one , howev , estim the compani could be taken over in a rang of 38 to 42 dlr per share . analyst today would not ventur to say whether anoth offer could be made , but some arbitrag still held to the belief that the bid could go higher . `` they have no choic to seek out the best possibl offer . emeri ha shown the courag to go forth , `` said one arbitrag , who specul other courier compani may also emerg as bidder . `` it make sen , `` said jame parker of robinson humphrey . but `` it wo n't make out as well as they think . they wo n't get a 100 pct of the synergi . `` analyst said the acquisit could cost emeri earn in the short term , but long term , after elimin redund and sell other purol asset , it should boost emeri ' profit . parker said a combin purol and emeri would rival unit parcel servic as the second largest u.s. packag deliveri compani after feder express corp & lt ; fdx > , which ha 47 pct of the market . parker specul that the combin emery-purol would have about 24 pct of the six to seven billion dlr deliveri busi . `` thi will make emeri a bigger factor in the light weight ( deliveri ) busi , but it will not make them a power hou , `` said dougla arthur of kidder , peabodi and co. purol today declin comment on the emeri offer , and it chairman nichola bradi did not return a phone call . e.f.hutton lbo also declin comment on the emeri offer , but said it extend the expir and withdraw period on it offer to april six at midnight from today at midnight est . one analyst specul the exten make it more like hutton will attempt anoth offer . howev , he wa skeptic a compani outsid the packag deliveri industri would want to outbid 40 dlr per share becau it would not have the same synergi as a courier compani . sinc purol agr in late februari to a buyout by some of it manag and the e.f. hutton group & lt ; efh > subsidiari , specul ha arisen that more bid wa to come . the buyout wa surround by controversi sinc a purol board member , doresi gardner resign in march . gardner said he believ a better offer could be made by anoth entiti . a spokesman for gardner today said the former director had no contact with emeri , nor did he have ani other buyer line up for purol . purol 's deal with hutton wa also call into question by a sharehold suit file earlier thi week , which attempt to stop the tender offer to allow anoth bidder to come forth . hear in a new york state court were delay until monday . arbitrag had said they believ the hutton offer could be better becau the wall street firm wa not plan to keep it cash tie up in purol . hutton is provid a 279 mln dlr `` bridg `` loan that would later be replac with other debt . hutton would maintain a major interest in purol . hutton sourc have said the firm wa in fact face risk n it invest sinc it did not know when it could reclaim it 279 mln dlr loan . emeri last year lost 5.4 mln dlr on revenu of 887.5 mln dlr . purol lost 57.6 mln dlr on 841.4 mln dlr in revenu .