energy/u. . refin u.s. refin said they are worri that grow suppli of import , propos feder environment regul , and the market of a third grade of unlead gasolin would cost them dearli and at a time when the industri is recov from a recent slump . `` we have to look at nation secur and cut the amount of product and crude come into the countri if it hurt the industri , '' said archi dunham , vice presid of petroleum product at conoco , subsidiari of dupont corp ( dd ) . u.s. oil import account for about 38 pct of u.s. consumpt but are expect to rise to 50 pct by the mid 1990 , accord to the depart of energi . `` can we afford to import 60 or 70 pct of our oil requir 15 or so year from now ? '' ask john swearingen , chairman of the board of continent illinoi corp & lt ; cil > and former chief execut of amoco corp & lt ; an > . `` if your answer to that question rais doubt , then it behoov us to do all that we can now to cope with thi situat and improv our posit . '' but swearingen said he oppos the idea of an import fee , a view echo by other attend thi week 's nation petroleum refin associ meet in san antonio , texa . `` talk of an import surcharg or control is not encourag becaus those thing wo n't solv our problem and could well compound them , '' said swearingen . `` onc the govern affect valu , onc an import quota or licens ha valu , it 's go to be subvert by govern , '' he ad . william martin , deputi energi secretari , said the cost of an import fee outweigh it benefit and suggest , as energi secretari john herrington ha , deplet tax credit to encourag domest product and limit oil import . he also said altner energi sourc should be encourag . restor of the deplet allow for a 27 pct deduct from the taxabl incom of oil compani is controvers but might work , said dunham . dunham and other offici oppos the idea of a fee on oil import but said if one is enact it must tax crude and product import . `` whi would compani import crude when they could import product for a smaller cost if there were onli a fee on crude ? '' ask henri rosenberg , chairman of crown central petroleum & lt ; cnp > . an import fee would rais the cost of u.s. petrochem product and make them noncompet on the world market , dunham said . `` the energi secur issu should be consid when environment issu are consid , '' martin said . `` the level of invest for the propos lower of sulfur level of diesel to 0.05 pct by weight , for exampl , is unaccept , '' dunham said . `` most compani can not afford it . '' georg unzelman , presid of hyox , inc. , said these propos `` will place pressur on small refin oper and promot further industri consolid . '' an npra survey of of 139 refineri , which wa releas at the confer , said reduc sulphur content to 0.05 pct weight and aromat to 20 volum pct aromat in highway diesel fuel would cost refin 6.65 billion dlr . the nation averag diesel fuel sulfur content in 1986 for the survey respond wa 0.27 weight pct while the averag aromat content wa 32 pct . anoth possibl cost to refin is the upgrad of facil to produc a third grade of unlead gasolin which is begin to be market by some compani . `` what will be the standard octan level in variou grade of unlead gasolin ? '' ask dunham . `` a midlevel grade of unlead gasolin with an octan level of 89 mean an invest ha to be made , '' dunham said . thi grade is not warrant , said crown 's rosenberg . despit these concern , refin are expect margin to move higher in the next few month . `` we are begin to see a return in wholesal margin , '' said roger hemminghau , chairman of the refin and market compani that is to spin off from diamond shamrock corp & lt ; dia > . margin are higher becaus the opec pact is hold , u.s. stock of gasolin and heat oil are declin , and gasolin demand is rise as the drive season approach , he said . `` thi summer could be a good season for sell gasolin , '' hemminghau said , ad that the new compani will be primarili a gasolin produc .