wall street stocks/polaroid & lt ; prd > rumor that new york investor asher edelman ha acquir a stake in polaroid corp and optim about tomorrow 's statu hear on the patent infring suit pend with eastman kodak co & lt ; ek > sent polaroid 's stock higher , trader said . polaroid rose 1-1/8 to 74-1/2 . `` specul that edelman wa go to take a stake in polaroid wa kick around a few month ago , and resurfac today , '' one trader said . edelman had no comment on the rumor . a spokesman for polaroid said the compani had not been contact by edelman and no file had been made with the secur and exchang commiss about a stake in the compani . `` there is some hope among investor that there will some progress in the statu hear tomorrow on the patent infring suit with kodak , '' analyst michael ellmann of wertheim and co said . trader said it is conceiv that a trial date could be set or some progress made on an out-of-court settlement . the suit , file by polaroid in april 1976 , charg that kodak infring upon polaroid 's instant camera patent . in octob 1985 , the court bar kodak from sell camera or film that infring upon the patent , the polaroid spokesman said . ellmann said he feel it is highli unlik that ani progress will be made in tomorrow 's hear . ellmann said the stock may have also gotten a boost today from some optim concern new product the compani is current work on . `` polaroid 's announc that a particularli senior compani execut had been chosen to work on a major unidentifi new product spur some specul about their product , '' he said . `` i am specul that the new product could be an electron still camera , '' refer to a camera that record it imag on magnet disk as oppos to convent film . ellmann said the stock may have also gotten a boost today from some optim concern new product the compani is current work on . `` polaroid 's announc that a particularli senior compani execut had been chosen to work on a major unidentifi new product spur some specul about their product , '' he said . `` i am specul that the new product could be an electron still camera , '' refer to a camera that record it imag on magnet disk as oppos to convent film .