coffe futur at six-year low , under 1 dlr/lb coffe futur dip further today and close below 1 dlr a pound for the first time in six year . coffe for deliveri in may end at 99.28 cent a pound on the coffe , sugar and cocoa exchang , down 0.76 cent and the lowest price sinc august , 1981. price have been fall steadili sinc the intern coffe organ fail in februari to reach an agreement control export by it member , and pressur wa renew thi week as the execut board of the organ met in london without reopen debat on it export quota . the execut board ha limit it current discuss to administr matter and is set to adourn thursday . burdensom suppli have press the market down from 1.30 dlr a pound in februari , when the organ 's discuss aim at re-establish export quota broke down . sandra kaul , a coffe analyst in new york with shearson lehman brother , said suppli current are at their high point for the year becaus most produc nation have just complet their harvest . in addit , she said , mani of those nation are face with seriou debt and need to sell coffe to rais capit . `` thi should keep substanti pressur on export to undertak sale despit the drop in price , '' she said . further , u.s. demand could be sluggish becaus winter , the period of greatest consumpt , is end . price could fall anoth 10 cent to 15 cnt a pound , analyst said . gold futur retreat from modest earli gain and close steadi while silver price ralli on the commod exchang in new york . the increas in u.s. bank ' prime rate prompt concern about renew inflat , but the strength of the u.s. dollar discourag new buy . `` the market is get mix signal and it doe n't know which way to go , '' one analyst said . gold futur retreat from modest earli gain and close steadi while silver price ralli on the commod exchang in new york . the increas in u.s. bank ' prime rate prompt concern about renew inflat , but the strength of the u.s. dollar discourag new buy . `` the market is get mix signal and it doe n't know which way to go , '' one analyst said .