coff futur under dlr a pound at six-year low coff futur dip further and close below one dlr a pound for the first time in six year . coff for deliveri in may end at 99.28 cent a pound on the new york coff , sugar and cocoa exchang , down 0.76 cent and the lowest price sinc august , 1981. price have fallen steadili sinc the intern coff organ fail in februari to reach an agreement control export by it member , and pressur wa renew thi week as the execut board of the organ met in london without reopen debat on it export quota . the execut board ha limit it current discuss to administr matter and is set to adourn thursday . burdensom suppli have press the market down from 1.30 dlr a pound in februari , when the organ 's discuss aim at re-establish export quota broke down . sandra kaul , a coff analyst in new york with shearson lehman brother , said suppli current are at their high point for the year becau most produc nation have just complet their harvest . in addit , she said , mani of those nation are face with seriou debt and need to sell coff to rai capit . `` thi should keep substanti pressur on export to undertak sale despit the drop in price , `` she said . further , u.s. demand could be sluggish becau winter , the period of greatest consumpt , is end . price could fall anoth 10 to 15 cent a pound , analyst said . gold futur retreat from modest earli gain and close steadi while silver price ralli on the commod exchang in new york . the increa in u.s. bank ' prime rate prompt concern about renew inflat but the strength of the u.s. dollar discourag new buy . `` the market is get mix signal and it doe n't know which way to go , `` one analyst said . cattl futur post new high on the chicago mercantil exchang , while live hog ralli from earli loss and frozen pork belli finish sharpli lower . cattl price continu to draw support from the winter storm that swept the plain state , leav anim strand in snowbound field and feed lot in miser condit . live hog were pressur earli by the agricultur depart 's report tuesday that produc expand their breed herd more than the market expect last quarter . price recov to keep pace with higher cash price . frozen pork belli fell sharpli on the outlook for greater product and close with limit loss . soybean futur post sharp gain on the chicago board of trade , while corn and wheat were lower . soybean ralli in respon to tuesday 's usda report that farmer intend to plant 56.9 mln acr thi year , down from 61.5 mln plant last year . corn price were pressur by the outlook for 67.6 mln acr of corn , which is down from last year 's 76.7 mln acr , but wa larger than analyst expect .