u.s. hou panel extend eep , urg ussr offer the u.s. hou agricultur committ approv propo to extend the life of the export enhanc program , eep , through fiscal 1990 and urg the reagan administr offer eep wheat to the soviet union . the propo were approv as amend to a comprehen trade bill move through congress thi year . in addit to the amend on eep , the committ approv sever propo which could restrict import of lamb , casein , sugar-contain product and tobacco . those amend affect import face an uncertain futur becau the hou way and mean committ , which ha over jurisdict over trade legisl , will oppo them , congress sourc said . the effect of the eep amend would be to extend the life of the program five year through fiscal 1990 rather than the current three year through fiscal 1988. the amend , offer by rep. dan glickman , d-kan. , also would increa fund for the program to 2.5 billion dlr from 1.5 billion now . furthermor , the committ pass an amend offer by rep. glickman which instruct the u.s. agricultur depart to valu eep bonu commod at market valu , not acquisit valu . glickman said the chang would make the program 30 pct less expen to oper . the provi on eep wheat to the soviet union , offer by rep. bob smith , r-ore. , doe not requir the administr make an offer , but urg such action . the committ approv an amend , offer by rep. glenn english , d-okla. , requir the secretari of agricultur to begin discuss with other major grain produc countri aim at jointli reduc world grain product . trade repr clayton yeutter yesterday oppo the amend , say such commod agreement do not work . among the host of amend to restrict import approv by the panel , the most signif would requir quota on import of good contain more than 25 pct of a bulk farm product that is subject to u.s. quota . the amend , offer by rep. arlan stangeland , r-minn. , is aim primarili at curb import from canada of product contain sugar and foreign food contain dairi product . it also may affect peanut , cotton and tobacco import , committ sourc said . anoth amend would place a quota on u.s. import of casein , a dairi product ship to the u.s. primarili by new zealand and ireland . the panel also vote to appli to lamb import the same countercycl import quota law which is oper for u.s. beef import . other miscellan amend includ : -- urg the administr consid retali against japan and south korea if those countri do not remov restrict on beef import . -- boost the amount of u.s. grain which must be ship each year under a food aid program call section 416 to 800,000 tonn from 500,000 tonn now . -- requir the agricultur secretari conduct a studi of the canadian wheat board import licen system for wheat to determin if it is a non-tariff trade barrier . -- requir the agricultur secretari reimbur the nation corn grower associ up to 500,000 dlr for the cost of defend the u.s. feedgrain program against a canadian countervail duti case thi year . -- urg the administr oppo the canadian deci to appli a duti on u.s. corn import , and a propo by the european commun to appli a veget oil tax . -- usda conduct a studi of the find of a nation commiss on agricultur export polici , which recommend a reorgan of usda 's trade polici apparatu .