singapor bank say diversif key to growth singapor 's major bank are diversifi and gradual shift their asset hold from loan to debt instrument , bank sourc said . the bank follow the trend are the & lt ; oversea union bank ltd > , & lt ; unit oversea bank ltd > , & lt ; oversea-chin bank corpor > and the & lt ; develop bank of singapor ltd > . the shift toward secur ha been help by volatil financ market which have develop hedg facil such as float rate note and bond for risk manag , said oversea union gener manag loh hoon sun . loh told reuter in an interview that singapor bank see limit growth in credit risk . more and more of them are switch from term lend to major growth area such as stockbrok and fee base incom , he said . major local bank ventur into stockbrok after be grant seat on the stock exchang . banker said they are now move into the new govern secur market and the stock exchang of singapor deal and quotat system . one foreign banker said the develop bank and the oversea union bank ltd have becom major player in the equiti market in singapor . loh said the bank ' particip in the stock market ha increa busi transact and provid long term growth for the market . the bank are not competit for individu stockbrok firm becau of the increa busi they gener , he ad . loh said the stock exchang of singapor might expand equiti issu by as much as one billion dlr thi year becau of the increa abil of foreign and local market particip to absorb new issu . loh said & lt ; oub invest manag ltd > , a subsidiari of the oversea union bank ltd , ha team up with a u.k. firm to launch the union global fund . the fund is for local investor seek capit growth through a diversifi intern portfolio . it will invest in intern share with the emphasi on u.s. and japan market , he said . & lt ; db secur singapor pte ltd > , a subsidiari of the develop bank of singapor , ha appli to the hong kong stock exchang to set up a hong kong stockbrok firm . loh predict fix deposit and prime interest rate in singapor will stay low thi year . as a result , bank will be forc to provid fund manag servic for major client seek better return , he said . econom analyst and banker are optimist the major bank will show profit in 1987 , help by higher incom from treasuri and invest bank activ . they expect the 1987 after-tax profit of oversea-chin and unit oversea to show stabl growth of four to eight pct against respect gain of four and seven pct in 1986. oversea union 's profit are expect to jump to over 40 mln dlr from seven mln dlr in 1986 , economist said . the develop bank 's after-tax profit rose 39.2 pct in 1986 mainli due to a dividend of 20.4 mln dlr paid by & lt ; nation discount compani ltd > befor it becam a subsidiari of the bank , they said .