awb call for tighter wheat qualiti control australia is risk wheat export sale by not provid enough specif qualiti grade to meet buyer requir , the australian wheat board ( awb ) said . `` mani awb custom are becom increasingli qualiti consciou , demand strict adher to contractu qualiti specif , `` the board said in a submiss to the royal commiss into grain storag , handl and transport . `` mani of the specif are more specif than the current categori use in australia , `` it said . the commiss is tri to identifi way of save cost and boost effici of the grain handl system . australia must reli on qualiti to retain it wheat market share becau it competitor are suppli cheaper but lower-qu grade , the awb submiss said . it stress the need to segreg wheat categori at everi stage from receiv to ship . better industri relat at grain termin , more uniform transport system across the state and exten stock control were vital to improv market , it said . the submiss also said australia 's feder system imp the awb 's role of coordin and manag the market of wheat . the awb call for an end to physic and legisl constraint at state border that prevent the effici transport of grain to other state for shipment . `` it is essenti that wheat move by the most econom mode to the nearest effici port , irrespect of the state in which the wheat is grown or store , `` it said . for exampl , wheat grown in northern new south wale ( nsw ) might move more effici to brisban , in queensland , than to sydney or newcastl in new south wale , it said . similarli , southern nsw wheat might better be ship to portland or geelong , in victoria . legisl give state rail author a monopoli over grain shipment wa one notabl impedi , it said . the awb said the current approach of state-ba bulk handl author is not essenti , although it said it favour the author maintain at least their current level of control of storag and transport as long as qualiti wa maintain . an appendix on port load cost show it cost between 26,500 and 34,700 u.s. dlr to load a 50,000-tonn vessel at variou australian port compar with 21,200 dlr at houston and 16,300 at port cartier , quebec , for a 60,000-tonner .