compromis cite on san miguel share & lt ; san miguel corp > , smc , and & lt ; unit coconut planter bank > , ucpb , have reach a compromis on a disput block of 38.1 mln share of smc , the head of a govern panel that control the sequest share said . ramon diaz , chairman of the presidenti commiss on good govern ( pcgg ) told reuter smc had offer a price of 126 peso per share for the block , held in trust by the ucpb . `` it look good , '' diaz said . but he ad sever issu , includ the ident of the ultim buyer of the share , had to be resolv befor the pcgg gave it approv to the sale . the pcgg 's sequestr last year of 33 mln share abort smc 's bid to buy them back from 14 trade compani in the ucpb group . the commiss said it suspect the share were actual control by eduardo cojuangco , an associ of former presid ferdinand marco . cojuango , who head the board of both smc and ucpb when he fled last year after marco wa toppl , person own 24 mln share in smc . hi hold are also under sequestr . `` the share that smc now propos to buy from the ucpb are own by 1.4 mln coconut farmer , '' diaz said . `` natur we do not want them to go back into the hand of marco croni . '' pcgg sourc said a compromis would end a row over a down payment of 500 mln peso made by smc 's hong kong subsidiari neptunia corp ltd in a bid to buy back the share last year . the ucpb had said the 500 mln peso payment would be forfeit becaus smc chairman andr soriano iii had fail to fulfil hi commit to buy back the share at an origin negoti price of 3.3 billion peso . pcgg sourc said smc , the philippin ' largest food and beverag manufactur , ha agre to sell 14 mln `` b '' class share from the 38.1 mln share to australian brewer alan bond at a price of 150 peso per share . the pcgg sourc said of the propos 4.79 billion peso transact , 1.6 billion peso would be offset against the 500 mln peso down payment , the 500 mln peso worth of prefer share in ucpb held by smc , 210 mln peso in uncollect dividend on the ucpb share and 400 mln peso advanc to ucpb-control trade compani . the ucpb reject an origin offer of 100 peso per share made by smc for 33 mln share , which grew to 38 mln after a 15 pct stock dividend declar in june last year . a spokesman for smc said the compani 's 15-member board met today to discuss the propos compromis . the spokesman declin comment on the outcom of the board meet , say the disput wa under arbitr . presid corazon aquino last month ask smc and ucpb to set up a three-man arbitr panel to resolv the ownership issu . the panel is due to submit it report by april 15. eduardo de lo angel , a govern nomine in the smc board , file a formal complaint befor the secur and exchang commiss last week , accus soriano and eight other director of violat `` fiduciari duti . '' de lo angel wa said to have oppos a decis by smc' board last decemb to assum the 500 mln peso neptunia loan .