lawson remark dash hope of earli u.k. rate cut chancellor of the exchequ nigel lawson 's remark yesterday suggest there are precis exchang rate target for the pound undermin sterl , dash hope for an earli cut in u.k. base rate , analyst said . but the market 's reaction , test exchang rate level indic by lawson , wa probabl overdon and the longer term outlook for sterl remain bullish , they agre . in an appar break with the previou polici of secreci , lawson told a nation econom develop council meet he wa comfort with sterl exchang rate around current level , specifi rate of around 1.90 mark and 1.60 dlr . lawson ad the u.k. govern intend to keep sterl at about present level , use currenc intervent and interest rate to achiev thi . the februari 22 pari agreement of the group of five and canada to stabilis exchang rate is wide believ to includ target rang , but all particip to the meet had so far refus to specifi these . market were quick to react to the statement , chop about one u.s. cent and over one pfennig off the pound to match the level mention by lawson . but most analyst poll said they did not believ lawson' statement signal a chang in u.k. polici . keith skeoch , chief economist at stockbrok jame capel and co , said , `` the remark have been blown out of proport . lawson is pay now for a littl bit of a slip of the tongu . '' barclay de zoet wedd economist mark brett said , `` there is noth great and fantast in the chancellor 's statement . '' he said he did not believ the rate indic by the chancellor were precis target , but mere repres central rate around which sterl would be allow to fluctuat , perhap by as much as 10 pct . `` it would be insan to pinpoint an exchang rate ahead of an elect ... i do n't believ lawson is mad enough to tie himself to a fix rate , '' brett said . currenc market were keen for offici statement to clarifi the scope of the pari accord and reactiv currenc trade . thi mood easili led to over-react , analyst said . `` make similar statement when the market is high strung and readi to bounc is perhap a mistak , '' one senior dealer with a u.s. bank said . capel 's skeoch said , `` it give the foreign exchang market someth to shoot at . '' `` it is obviou that the govern , as a member of the group of six , ha agre exchang rate band . but they are not cut in stone , they can chang with time , '' skeoch said . brett said , `` we think the 2.90 mark level is a central rate . give or take 10 pfennig and all is fine . '' not all analyst play down the signific of the remark , howev . chri dunn , economist at royal bank of canada , said the remark may signal a decis move to insul sterl from the fortun of the dollar . although about two-third of britain 's trade is conduct with european countri , sterl ha tradit shadow the dollar rather than the mark , analyst note . `` britain must decid whether it want to follow the u.s. or throw in it lot with europ , '' dunn said . `` it suggest that while the u.k. is not actual appli to join the european monetari system , it is seek protect by shadow it ... the bundesbank ha made it clear that it want the u.k. to clarifi it posit rel to the mark , '' he said . analyst said sterl 's dip on currenc market follow lawson 's remark made an earli half-point cut in u.k. base rate from current 10 pct level unlik in the short term . `` over the next three week , a cut is out , unless we get some extrem good econom indic , '' capel 's skeoch said . base rate have been cut twice by one-half point in march , the last after the march 17 budget present , and analyst had been expect anoth half point cut shortli afterward .