ge & lt ; ge > profit outlook aid by engin order one of gener electr co 's biggest busi , aircraft engin , will ride a wave of increas profit into 1991 becaus of a new contract worth 650 mln dlr , wall street analyst said . previous , it wa expect the busi would peak and declin at some point in the next five year . the improv outlook result from amr corp 's & lt ; amr > decis to order 40 new plane power by cf6-80c2 ge engin . `` creativ financi footwork help ge get the order , '' said nichola heymann , analyst at drexel burnham lambert inc. amr declin to go into detail on financ arrang for it order of 15 boe co & lt ; ba > and 25 & lt ; airbu industri > twinjet long distanc aircraft . but amr said it wa use `` rent-a-plan leas '' that allow it to oper the aircraft without ad to it debt structur . amr also ha the right to declin deliveri of the plane or return them on short notic . the arrang protect amr in the case of an unexpect develop such as a sever downturn in the economi . from ge 's point of view the packag look like a good deal for sever reason , heymann said . ge will be abl to record revenu as a sale at the time of deliveri , heymann note . and if for some reason amr decid not to take the plane ge 's financi arm , gener electr financi servic inc , would have littl troubl round up anoth airlin that want the fuel effici plane . on the whole , the deal appear to pose littl risk for ge , heymann said . ge 's stock declin 1/4 to 103-1/2 on 625,000 share by midafternoon . h.p . smith , analyst at smith barney , harri upham and co said for a 40 billion dlr ( revenu ) compani `` no one order will have much of an effect on the stock . '' russel leavitt , analyst at salomon brother inc , said the order `` will help to maintain a good level of product and profit in the aircraft engin busi '' for ge . heymann see oper profit from ge 's jet engin busi rise from 870 mln dlr last year to 1.3 billion dlr by 1991. revenu from jet engin wa close to six billion dlr last year , with well over half of the busi in the militari sector , accord to analyst ' estim . the rosi outlook for ge 's jet engin busi coincid with an upbeat perform in other segment . heymann expect ge to earn 1.39 dlr per share in the first quarter of 1987. say mani will be supris by the result , he believ ge ha shown through it acquisit of rca corp that it ha a `` uniqu abil '' to buy a major busi and reshap it , prune some part and recombin part with other element of it 14 busi area . smith see ge earn 1.35 dlr per share in the current quarter . he credit good result at rca , in turn aid by the nbc broadcast oper , and lower interest rate . leavitt see 1.40 dlr for the current quarter , in part credit `` signific benefit from the rca acquisit . ''