south korea to pay more for japan ethylen south korea will pay about 20 pct more for ethylen import from japan in the second quarter of the year becau increa plastic product in both countri ha boost demand and tighten suppli , chemic industri sourc said . south korea ha agr to pay japan trade hou just over 400 dlr c and f per tonn , up from an averag of 350 dlr in the first quarter and throughout 1986 , they said . south korean demand for import ethylen thi month ha risen to 17,000 tonn from 10,000 last month , and the countri may face difficulti cover the extra volum , they said . & lt ; korea petrochem industri corp > , a produc of high densiti polyethylen ( hdpe ) and polypropylen , will more than doubl it ethylen requir to 9,000 tonn a month from 4,000 when it complet a plant expan at the end of thi month , the sourc said . & lt ; honan ethylen corp 's > import requir have risen to 8,000 tonn a month from 6,000 tonn last year to meet strong demand from & lt ; honan petrochem co > , which make hdpe and ethylen glycol , and & lt ; hangyang chemic > , which produc low-den polyethylen and vinyl chlorid monom , they said . but japan 's ethylen plant are alreadi oper at almost full capac of 4.5 mln tonn a year just to fulfil domest demand , the sourc said . `` and even if japan had the addit ethylen , there is a logist problem of find extra appropriate- vessel to ship it to korea , `` said one trade hou sourc . japan trade compani are look to altern sourc to suppli south korea 's need , includ saudi arabia , qatar and mexico , they said . but long-haul voyag are expen as the product ha to be ship at a temperatur of minu 103 degr centigrad to keep it in a liquid form , they said . japan ha no plan to invest further in the ethylen industri in order to cope with the addit demand , despit rise price , trade hou sourc said . south korea ha two project in hand which will increa it ethylen product capac by 500,000 tonn a year by the end of 1989 , so the strong demand surg for import is onli a medium-term trend , they said .