recent sugar fall spark soviet , chines buy the recent fall in world sugar price , due to increas produc price sale and evid of export avail , ha encourag renew buy interest from china and the soviet union , london trade hous e.d.and f. man said . further purchas are expect by the peopl republ of china at the lower end of the recent price rang , which should limit the downsid movement , it said in it latest monthli market report . `` and it is believ that the soviet union will need to return to the market to take a further 250,000/350,000 tonn for may/jun shipment , man ad . the soviet purchas five cargo of raw for april/may shipment toward the end of last month , which bring it total purchas to around 1.65 mln tonn , man said . product estim for the thai crop now exceed 2.3 mln tonn and the final outturn appear set to reach around 2.5 mln tonn . howev , thi upturn in the thai crop is be counter by a reduct in china 's product forecast to 5.3 mln tonn from 5.5 mln estim earlier . market particip by cuba suggest that it crop could be close to last year 's 7.3 mln tonn . but even with similar product man expect cuban export to be significantli down . cuba wa report to be carri 1.3 mln tonn of stock in septemb 1985 , of which some 440,000 tonn were use to boost it 1985/86 export to about 6.9 mln . but as it will not be abl to draw on surplu stock thi year , man estim cuba 's export availabilti will be reduc to 6.4 to 6.5 mln tonn . howev , cuba is onli one of a larg number of export with reduc avail , man said . sinc 1980 the total free market export suppli ha fallen to 18 mln from about 22 mln tonn . but at the same time free market demand ha also fallen by almost the same amount , which ha left export chase fall import requir . a fairli tight balanc now appear to have emerg . but the difficult task of keep product advanc at bay still remain , as at least one more season of product deficit is need to elimin some of the remain surplu stock still overhang the market , man said . the increas case of record product as a result of record yield and better husbandri have forc sugar produc to strive for greater effici . as thi increas in effici reduc the margin cost of product , sugar export may becom more respons to price and in particular to upward price movement , man said . comment on the current row between the ec commiss and sugar produc , man said despit the recent improv in the level of restitut , they are still insuffici to fulli compens produc when export on the world market . unless there are further improv , at least some sugar is expect to remain in intervent , it ad .