stoltenberg say pari accord polici to continu west german financ minist gerhard stoltenberg said the currenc agreement reach in pari in februari had been success and would be continu . stoltenberg told journalist befor he attend next week ' intern monetari fund meet in washington that : `` the ... strategi to stabili currenc around current level ha proven it worth and will also determin futur develop . `` stoltenberg declin to comment specif on what he would consid to be an undervalu dollar but said a dollar around 1.80 mark creat problem for west germani 's export . stoltenberg said studi by intern organi had made it clear that especi in the u.s. and in japan major effort remain necessari to support adjust in foreign trade balanc via necessari correct to econom polici . `` no-on would benefit if , after year of over-valu , the u.s. dollar fell into the other extrem , that is , strong under-valu , `` he said . stoltenberg said west germani had a keen interest in a swift agreement between the u.s. and japan concern the current trade disput over semi-conductor . ask whether he believ the market would test the pari currenc accord , stoltenberg did not comment specif but note that much of what had been discuss in pari had not been publish . the pari declar did not state the level at which central bank of the major industriali countri would interven . stoltenberg said that everyth had been care consid . he said he had noth further to add . stoltenberg also appear to suggest that west germani wa now no longer under ani pressur from the u.s. govern to stimul it economi . he declin to respond specif to a question on thi subject but said , `` you must attach particular import to the consensu which wa reach in pari . `` the minist nevertheless ad that he would make clear dure hi trip to washington that west germani 's nomin trade figur gave a fal impress about actual trade flow . stoltenberg note that in 1986 bonn 's export fell by a nomin two pct while it nomin import fell by 10.7 pct . west germani 's import drop larg becau of foreign currenc develop and the cheaper price of oil and led to a record trade surplu last year . howev , stoltenberg said that in real term west germani ' export by volum had increa by 1.5 pct while real import had risen by a much stronger 6.2 pct . in thi way west germani had made it contribut to econom stabil , stoltenberg ad . stoltenberg note the govern expect import to rise by a real four to five pct in 1987 with export stagnat . he said it wa too earli to revi offici forecast for west germani 's econom growth thi year . the govern ha forecast an unchang 2.5 pct rise in gross nation product . the kiel institut , a lead research bodi , is still expect growth of three pct but some other research institut have revi forecast down to below two pct . stoltenberg said the wide rang of predict show how mani impond had to be taken into account and said no drastic chang in offici forecast were need .