u.s. treasuri polici said unchang by departur the departur of jame baker ' closest aid , deputi treasuri secretari richard darman , will not chang the cour of washington 's domest and intern econom polici , u.s. offici said . darman , who ha work alongsid baker for six year , wa wide credit with help him mastermind initi on currenc manag and intern econom cooper . u.s. offici said darman also play a key role in shepherd presid reagan 's sweep tax reform plan through the u.s. congress . but they flatli dismiss suggest that hi departur , to the invest bank firm of shearson lehman brother , signal the baker team wa break up , or that the treasuri secretari himself might leav soon . `` it realli doe not mean that , he took the opportun as it came up , `` one offici said . anoth comment , `` baker will miss him , but he 's not go to stand in hi way . `` there ha been widespread specul sinc last autumn that darman sought a wall street job . offici said darman felt the passag of tax reform late last year mark an appropri moment to bow out . baker acknowledg darman would be sore miss . `` dick darman ha contribut mightili to the success of thi administr over the past six year and hi departur repr a substanti loss , `` he said . u.s. offici admit darman 's absenc would be an undoubt blow to baker , who ha reli on him for polici advic , both at the white hou and , in reagan 's second term , at the treasuri . one aid onc describ darman as `` indispen `` to baker . baker is wide thought to want a more stabl currenc system and darman is gener credit by offici of other nation as baker 's lead theorist on thi issu , favour target zone to limit currenc fluctuat . earlier thi year , monetari sourc said the u.s. treasuri unsuccess sound out alli on a target zone system . but a u.s. offici disput the assess that , with darman gone , baker would abandon intern initi . baker 's work as head of reagan 's econom polici council , spearhead trade polici , and hi skill in negoti with the democrat-control congress will go on as befor . darman 's strength wa not as an economist , but as a polit strategist `` and that 's baker 's strength too , `` the offici said . there were alreadi indic that baker , who throughout hi time in govern ha reli on a closely-knit circl of advi , ha move swiftli to find a successor . one possibl is that baker might turn to georg gould , who hold the number three treasuri posit of under-secretari . gould , anoth close confid , ha known baker for year . befor join the treasuri in novemb 1985 , gould wa a partner at the wall steet firm of wertheim and co and formerli head donaldson , lufkin and jenrett secur corp. the darman announc came on the eve of the semi-annu meet of the intern monetari fund and the world bank , where mani polici darman help shape will be debat . he help baker devi the septemb , 1985 plaza agreement , when the unit state , japan , west germani , franc and britain curb the dollar 's strength . the pact wa a major turn point in u.s. polici , end a period of disdain for econom cooper and interv in currenc market . darman also work on some other baker initi , like the tokyo summit agreement to intensifi coordin of econom polici among the lead industri countri and the recent pari agreement to stabili currenc and stimul global growth . these polici are collect aim at redress the huge gap between japan and west germani 's trade surplu and the unit state 's massiv trade deficit . that polici goal still remain a prime object of the reagan administr and will not chang with darman ' departur .