talk point/santa fe southern & lt ; sfx > santa fe southern pacif corp may have more difficulti combin it two railroad than fend off a possibl takeov by henley group & lt ; heng > , which ha accumul almost a five pct stake in the real estat and railroad conglomer , analyst said . takeov specul ha surround santa fe sinc henley disclos it stake in the compani earlier thi week , but analyst and a santa fe offici were skeptic a takeov is it intent . analyst also said the compani ha strong defens that would easili deter ani suitor - one of those be it problem combin it two railroad properti , which hang in regulatori limbo . richard fischer of merril lynch and co inc said that santa fe at decemb 31 had 580 mln dlr in cash and cash equival , while it long-term debt to capit wa just over 25 pct . `` thi give them plenti of borrow power , '' he said , which could be use against an unwant suitor . henley group 's chairman michael dingman ha said he want to take major posit in undervalu natur resourc compani . he also told reuter in an interview he is seek an acquisit of from two billion to eight billion dlr . santa fe offici do n't appear concern that henley might launch a takeov . `` i would not character the atmospher around here as one of concern , '' one santa fe execut said about henley . `` i think it 's wrong to assum dingman ha form a firm strategi with santa fe , '' said mark hassenberg , who cover henley for dlj secur . analyst say the potenti of santa fe 's land asset are like to be realiz slowli . they add that santa fe 's effort to merg it two railroad remain in regulatori limbo , sidetrack mani of it strateg plan for the forese futur . these realiti , they said , support the henley group' statement that it santa fe stake is onli an invest . the more press problem face santa fe is overcom difficulti in merg it two railroad , the atchison , topeka and santa fe railway co and southern pacif transport co. the merger would creat the nation 's second-longest railroad . last juli the interst commerc commiss ( icc ) deni the merger on anticompetit ground . the compani sinc ha grant trackage-shar right to four western railroad to meet the icc 's concern and persuad it to reopen the hear in it three-year-old struggl to merg the line . `` my guess is the commiss will decid in three to six week whether to reopen hear , '' fischer said . `` i believ they 've made an effort to satisfi the icc' object , '' he said . `` but in do so they have n't pleas everyon . befor they had burlington northern on their side , now burlington is oppos to the way trackag right are set up . '' if the hear are reopen , analyst predict it will take six to nine month for everyon to have their say , and up to anoth year for the icc to decid . santa fe is in the midst of a 50-mln-share stock buyback program begun in 1984. it ha bought back 33.7 mln share as of februari 1 , when it had 154.7 mln share outstand , a spokesman said . among the share repurchas were two stake own by norfolk southern , one of 3.4 mln share bought in 1986 and anoth of 1.7 mln share in 1985 , one analyst said . jame voytko at pain webber believ santa fe could fight off the henley group with it cash and credit . cite the share buyback from norfolk southern , he said one of santa fe' option , if threaten , could be to buy the henley stake . `` it is inde possibl that dingman see thi as a low-risk , opportunist invest , '' voytko said . `` peopl who follow santa fe have given me valu of 45 dlr to 50 dlr a share , '' said dlj secur ' hassenberg . `` but i'm certain that in dingman 's mind , the compani is worth more than that in breakup valu . ''