imf , world bank to meet amid new inflat fear amid new concern about inflat , interest rate increa and trade confront , financ minist and central banker meet next week to discuss a deterior global debt and econom situat . the meet , under the auspic of the intern monetari fund and world bank , come as interest rate are turn higher and the already-weak dollar ha sunk further , upset bond and stock market . uncertainti is grow about the vital of the global economi and whether the heavily-indebt countri can continu to carri the burden of their grow debt without vast new assist . monetari and diplomat sourc said there are no sign ani new debt initi of the sort that treasuri secretari jame baker unveil 18 month ago in seoul is in the work . the strategi ha drawn a seriou challeng from brazil , which suspend interest payment on 67 billion dlr of commerci bank debt last month . the bank have respond by lay the groundwork for write down brazilian loan . separ , french prime minist jacqu chirac , in a visit earlier thi week with presid reagan , sound out the administr on a plan to funnel worldwid grain surplu to the veri poorest state . the french plan is certain to be discuss by the minist in detail dure next week 's meet and will undoubtedli be embrac by the develop countri . `` there 's interest on the part of some countri for look at the support of the special problem of the veri poorest countri , becau their posit is so extrem , `` a reagan administr offici said . he suggest washington wa open to disuss the issu . the meet will also assess the success of the baker debt initi , which call for new fund to help debtor countri grow out of their problem . the largest industri countri have been attempt to coordin econom polici in the hope of control the declin of the dollar , u.s. trade and budget deficit and other problem . at the same time , the industri countri see littl evid of a strengthen of econom activ and the fund forecast they will grow 2.5 pct . the unit state see 3.2 pct growth for itself , continu it expan for a fifth year , and ha ask other industri countri to stimul their economi . these issu directli affect the debt problem and the abil of the debtor countri to grow out of their difficulti . in recent year , u.s. market have absorb the export of develop countri , allow them to earn critic foreign exchang . but the unit state want to cut it trade deficit , run at a record 169.8 billion dlr , and is press other to import more from develop countri . the discuss , from april six to 10 , will be wide-rang , touch everyth from interest rate to the impact of develop loan on the environ , accord to monetari sourc . the talk will includ an examin of trade protectionist pressur in the wake of a deci by the reagan administr to place some 300 mln dlr in tariff on microchip product from japan , the sourc said . the move accel the dollar 's declin as financ market grew alarm that trade war wa in the of . there is concern that the action , prompt by u.s. charg that japan ha been sell comput chip product below fair market valu and ha kept it own market close to import , further undermin the intern trade system . at the same time , the minist will discuss the fundament price weak in basic commod , the export mainstay of mani develop countri . the so-cal group of five industri countri -- the unit state , japan , west germani , franc and britain -- will gather for the first time sinc their februari talk in pari , where they agr to keep the dollar from slide further . the five will be join later by itali and canada for further debat on econom polici coordin . as part of the pari accord , surplu countri such as japan agr to stimul their economi , while america said it would reduc it feder budget deficit . other major issu of the meet includ a u.s. bid to to have a larger say in approv loan of the inter-american develop bank , strengthen the link between loan and econom polici chang in debtor nation . washington is also press the world bank to take more account of the environ when make loan for dam and other project . the new head of the bank , barber conabl , ha said thi issu is be review and will be part of a reorgan plan for the bank , now be prepar .