time & lt ; tl > 1987 earn may be 4.25 dlr share time inc 's chief financi offic , thayer bigelow , told secur analyst the compani is `` comfort '' with wall street estim that 1987 earn will be in a rang of 3.75 dlr to 4.25 dlr per share . in 1986 , time report earn of 5.95 dlr per share , includ a number of special item . bigelow said in adjust the 1986 result for the special item and also remov the earn of american televis and commun corp & lt ; atcma > , time earn 2.35 dlr per share in 1986. turner broadcast system inc said the invest by the cabl consortium would be in turner broadcast , not directli in cnn . the consortium would infus up to 550 mln dlr in turner broadcast in return for a 35 pct equiti interest . ted turner , chairman , would retain a 51 pct interest , a turner broadcast spokesman said . bigelow said the compani is continu it previous announc 10 mln share repurchas program and ha bought back 4.1 mln of it own share . he said 700,000 share were purchas in the first quarter of 1987 at an averag price of 81 dlr per share . bigelow said the compani will alway have a share buyback program in place whenev it believ it is a better long-term invest than start or acqur a busi . but he did not give ani specif on further repurchas beyond the 10 mln share alreadi announc . on the subject of acquisit , richard munro , chairman and chief execut said the compani is not interest in invest in over-the-air broadcast , but continu to look at all area in which it is current engag . munro said book publish is an area that interest time . in 1986 the compani purchas scott and foresman , it biggest acquisit ever . n.j. nichola , presid and chief oper offic , said the compani might be interest in a rel small book busi . he said follow the recent agreement for the sale of harper and row to the news corp ltd & lt ; nw > , `` there may be piec that murdoch doe n't want , '' refer to news corp chairman rupert murdoch . ask if the compani 's sami busi is for sale , munro said it is a `` delic subject '' , and `` we 're look at all the option . '' sami is a market inform servic for the food industri . publish report have state it could be worth as much as 500 mln dlr . bigelow said that time 's home box offic ad subscrib last year and the trend is continu in the first quarter of 1987. howev , he said , hbo 's result in the quarter will be down slightli , but in the first quarter of 1986 there wa a special gain in the hbo unit . nichola said that hbo and cinemax had combin subscrib growth of 800,000 for last year . he also said the tax rate in 1987 will remain at just under 50 pct becaus of the repeal of invest tax credit and higher state and local tax . he said he see a decreas in the tax rate in 1988 of five or six percentag point . munro said the compani doe not plan to increas it dividend . trygv myhren , chairman and chief execut of american televis and commun , said the unit is look at get involv in the home shop video area . `` it would be foolish not to be a player there , '' he said . he said the compani had talk with home shop network inc & lt ; hsn > prior to that compani 's public offer last year , but noth came of the talk .