soviet grain seen enter spring on shaki note soviet winter grain could be off to a faulti start thi spring after endur an usual dri fall and cold winter , weather and crop analyst said . prospect for anoth near-record grain harvest in the soviet union appear dim at thi point , but it is prematur to forecast ani major crop problem , analyst said . but the situat bear care watch over the next six week and will ultim impact the soviet grain suppli and futur buy plan , analyst of the soviet union said . `` from a weather standpoint , you can say with certainti that the soviet are not get off to a good start and will have a lower crop ( than last year ) , `` gail martel , chief meteorologist for e.f. hutton said . the next six week in the ussr 's grain grow area will be the crucial period that will determin the final outcom of the winter crop , martel and other analyst said . `` where the crop is realli made or broken is still ahead of us , `` an agricultur depart author on the ussr said . the soviet union recent report that nine mln hectar of winter grain will have to be rese due to winterkil . thi would be equal to about 25 pct of the total winter crop and would be the second highest winterkil in ten year , the usda analyst said . with a time spring , soviet farmer would probabl be abl to rese the damag acreag with spring crop , but analyst note that spring crop normal yield lower than winter crop -- sometim as much as 30-35 pct lower . normal winterkil is cau by inadequ snowcov combin with cold temperatur . thi winter , howev , snowcov in soviet grain area ha gener been excel , so the bulk of winterkil , analyst specul , like ha been due to a veri dri fall and subsequ poor crop germin . `` fall dryness may be a problem . there 's a good correl between mediocr crop and fall dryness , `` martel said . precipit last fall wa as littl as 25 pct of normal in southern and northern ukrain , and below normal over the entir winter crop area , she said . recent cold temperatur in grain area in which the snowcov ha been gradual melt could also have cau problem of ice-crust and winterkil , jim candor , senior forecast for accu weather , said . livestock feed need have probabl increa becau of the fall and winter , analyst said . the dri fall damag pastur , the cold winter rai feed demand and a late spring would requir longer off-pastur feed , they said . `` the soviet are not in a desper situat ... they do n't have to buy ( grain ) now , `` a usda offici said . but if the soviet are worri about their winter crop and if they feel that last year 's huge crop of 210 mln tonn wa a one-tim fluke brought on by perfect condit , more soviet buy might occur to insur crop suppli , he said . bad weather dure the next six week could push the soviet back into the market , weather analyst said . `` a lot of winterkil could occur dure the next month and a half , `` martel said .