conabl warn protection might spread world bank presid barber conabl express concern that trade protection , at the heart of a new showdown between the unit state and japan , might spread throughout the industri world . but in an interview with reuter , conabl said the action by the unit state to slap tariff on certain electron good from japan did not mean the countri were head for a full-scal trade war . conabl said the world bank ha been press develop countri to open their market , argu that a free trade environ increas the possibl of global econom growth . `` we have , in fact , been make adjust loan to mani countri in the develop world which have encourag the open of their market and we want to be sure that the develop world doe n't close at the same time , '' he said . he said the u.s. action against japan wa `` a signific retaliatori step but it did not constitut a basic chang in trade polici . '' the interview came just befor next week 's semi-annu meet of the bank and the intern monetari fund . refer to brazil 's recent interest payment moratorium , conabl also said the global debt situat wa veri seriou and must be close watch . he said the bank , which in the past ha concentr on make loan that assist the basic underpin in the develop world such as dam , road and sewer , will increasingli make assist avail for econom reform . the bank ha increas these loan , in part becaus of the debt crisi that ha found countri desper in need of new fund for balanc of payment adjust and econom reform aim at open their market , encourag foreign invest and reduc govern 's role in the economi . `` we 're comfort with adjust lend , we expect , howev , that it will never reach a major of our portfolio , '' conabl said . he made clear , howev , that adjust lend would continu to increas as a proport of overal bank lend for some time . he note , `` the problem of debt wa a sever one and mani countri are ask for adjust assist becaus of the problem of debt . '' conabl , is a a former republican congressman from new york chosen by presid reagan for the bank posit last year . he is an associ of treasuri secertari jame baker who launch the u.s. strategi for shore up indebt nation in octob , 1985 which includ a call for increas adjust lend by the world bank . conabl also said that he expect the result of a major studi of the bank 's organ to be complet in the next sever week . he said the decis to seek a reorgan wa base , in part , on the fact that the bank had come under fire from the poorest countri for not do enough to help and from the richest countri becaus of ineffici . the reorgan is consid a major initi by conabl , and is be closely-watch by the agenc 's 151 member-countri as an indic of hi manag style and prioriti . `` i want to be sure thi institut is view by those who must support it as soundli constitut so that it will be permit to grow , '' conabl said . howev , he said `` i do n't believ there is anyth basic wrong with thi institut and i do n't believ it ha to have ani redefinit of it purpos . '' he said , howev , that it wa appar that the debt initi propos by baker ha given the bank a central role in deal with the debt crisi . conabl ad that cooper between the bank and it sister agenc , the intern monetari fund , wa good and that he talk often with imf manag director michel camdessu on a varieti of issu . on a person level , conabl said that he not feel a need to put hi person stamp on the bank note that `` i do n't have a particular mission here except to be use to the institut and to the process of develop . '' he ad , `` so i do n't feel a great call to person the institut . '' on the develop need of sub-sahara africa , conabl said that the bank wa constantli review new way for assist the region , note that half of the recent agre financ of 12.4 billion dlr for bank 's intern develop associ wa earmark for africa . lead industri nation are expect to consid new form of debt relief for the veri poorest nation , like those in the sub-sahara , dure next week 's meet .