u.s. job data said to rule out fed tighten a steep drop in goods-produc job detract from u.s. march non-farm payrol employ and make it unlik that the feder reserv will tighten monetari polici to defend the dollar , economist said . u.s. march non-farm payrol employ rose 164,000 , less than the gain of 220,000 to 290,000 the financi market expect . manufactur employ fell 25,000 , compar with februari 's 50,000 gain , while march construct employ drop 45,000 after be unchang in februari . `` the momentum of industri activ is taper off as we end the first quarter , '' said stephen roach of morgan stanley and co inc. `` thi set the stage for more sluggish growth in the second and third quarter . '' `` the fed will view thi as a caution flag on the economi , '' he said . `` they will not eas as long the dollar is weak , but clearli they ca n't tighten . '' david wyss of data resourc inc said that the downward revis in februari non-farm payrol employ to 236,000 from 337,000 mean that employ gain in the first quarter were weaker than expect . while wyss left hi first-quart forecast of real u.s. gross nation product growth at 3.5 pct , he said the march job data suggest a downward revis in hi second-quart growth forecast to 2.5 pct from 2.8 pct . bill sullivan of dean witter reynold inc said the averag monthli gain in non-farm job in the first quarter wa onli 237,000 , compar with 254,000 in the fourth quarter of 1986 . `` there 's momentum in first quarter labor forc activ , but less than assum , '' he said . `` gain in goods-produc job were subdu at best . thi rule out ani possibilti of the fed tighten for exchange-rel purpos . '' in march , the averag workweek fell back to it januari level of 34.8 hour from 35.0 hour in februari . manufactur hour also fell back to their januari level , total 40.9 hour in march compar with 41.2 hour in februari . the commerc depart note that loss of manufactur job in march wa concentr in automobil , electr and electron manufactur . robert brusca of nikko secur intern said that a 13,000 declin in auto manufactur employ account for nearli half of the total drop in manufactur job . economist said that a build-up in auto inventori result from a steep drop in sale ha final caught up with the labor forc and may point to slower growth ahead . most expect an increas in inventori of as much as five pct to offset a steep four to five pct drop in final sale in the first-quart gnp account . roach said he expect first quarter u.s. gnp to rise two pct , to be follow by a gain of 1.0-1.5 pct at best in the second and third quarter . he said the march drop in industri activ `` is a reason respons in light of the inordin contribut inventori accumul made to gnp . '' economist said the employ data also suggest weak gain in industri product and person incom for march . they expect onli margin gain , if not small declin , for these indic , compar with a februari increas of 0.5 pct in industri product and 0.9 pct in person incom . steve slifer of lehman govern secur said the drop in march construct employ may also signal a drop in march hous start , which rose 2.6 pct in februari to 1.851 million unit at an annual rate from 1.804 million unit in januari . the rate of unemploy fell to 6.6 pct , it lowest level sinc march 1980 , from 6.7 pct in februari . but wyss point out that thi result from a drop in the labor forc , which fell to 119.2 mln in march from 119.35 mln in februari . `` thi just mean that there were fewer peopl look for work , so the drop in unemploy doe n't mean much , '' he said . he said the latest employ report will not concern the fed becaus it doe point to gnp growth in the first half of 2.5-3.0 pct , but `` it doe suggest they ca n't afford to tighten to quickli either . '' the statist factor use to smooth out season fluctuat in the job data may have underst march labor forc gain , just as season factor probabl overst them in januari and februari , slifer said , but are consist with hi forecast of 1.8 pct first quarter gnp growth . econom growth remain sluggish , but silfer doe not think that the feder open market committe chang polici at their meet thi week . `` at some point they will be more inclin to eas , '' he said . for the time be , howev , the march employ report `` increas the likelihood they wo n't tighten , regardless of the dollar . ''