oil price rise on saudi effort crude oil price ralli today , move over 17.00 dlr a barrel becau of saudi arabia 's determin effort to support price , analyst said . `` the saudi and other opec nation are jawbon the market , hope to restor confid and price and to do thi without anoth meet , `` said sanford margosh , oil analyst with shearson lehman brother inc. `` but opec is not out of the wood yet by a longshot due to season declin in demand and some cheat , `` he ad . oil industri analyst said saudi arabia ha led the attempt to get other opec member to resist pressur to discount from the offici price agr to last decemb . the analyst said that to get other to hold the line , saudi arabia push hard at the meet of deputi oil minist of the gulf cooper council last weekend and at the cooper council oil minist ' meet the previou week . the saudi have also offer to support member have difficulti in sell their oil , analyst said . `` they are tri to make sure that no one discount , and to prevent that , it appear that saudi arabia or some other opec member will alloc some of their oil sale to help member that lose sale , `` margosh said . he ad that the alloc would probabl be in the form of loan to be repaid when these nation resum sale . analyst said thi would be use in keep in line nation like qatar , which ha had troubl sell oil . but it is also like that such assist would be provid to nigeria which is under pressur to extend discount . analyst said that saudi arabia , with assist from opec presid rilwanu lukman , wa tri to avoid an emerg opec meet for fear that it would give the appear that the decemb pact is fall apart . daniel mckinley , oil analyst with smith barney , upham harri and co said , `` both physic and futur market have been oversold and it onli took a small spark to bring on a short cover ralli . `` he believ an iranian trade mission to tokyo , which refu discount to japan buyer , brought japan refin into the market to cover their short posit . oil trader said one japan refin came into the market to but 10 cargo of may dubai , which sent price up on mideast sour , with dubai trade up to 16.50 dlr after trade yeterray as low as 15.63 dlr and then spill over into the north sea crude oil market . trader said that there have been persist rumor today that japan buyer are look to pick up cargo of brent for japan and european trade sourc indid rumor of vessel be fix to make such shipment . north sea brent today rose over 17.00 dlr with trade report as high as 17.05 dlr , up one dlr . opec member ' denial that they are produc over their quota spark move to cover short postit . indonesian oil minist subroto said today that opec product wa below the 15.8 mln bpd quota agr to last decemb but he gave no detail on opec product against claim it wa more at least one mln bpd abov that level . `` the product probabl is about their quota level and larg becau saudi arabia will not discount and canot sell it oil as a result , `` margosh said . analyst have mix opinion about the extent of the current ralli . some believ price can continu to rise if saudi arabia and opec hold steadi in a refu to discount . but other said that despit the ralli today there were still sever fundament factor , includ demand , which could cut the ralli short . marion stewart , an indep petroleum economist , said slow growth in the economi of the u.s. and oecd would keep demand for oil slack and he now estim that demand to rise about 1.4 pct over 1986 .