u.s. scientist say tropic oil health risk u.s. scientist said some tropic veget oil can be hazard to consum whose health is at risk becau of high level of satur fat , lend weight to a campaign by the american soybean associ ( asa ) for label chang . the scientist appear to support an asa charg , deni by malaysian palm grower , that import coconut , palm and palm kernel oil contain high level of satur fat and thu rai blood cholesterol and the risk of heart disea . in a petit file in januari , the asa ask the u.s. food and drug administr ( fda ) to requir palm , palm kernel and coconut oil to be identifi as satur fat on food manufactur ' label . the fda respond to the asa in a letter say it would consid the petit as a comment to a propo rule deal with cholesterol and fatti acid label of food . malaysian oil palm grower have said the charg by the asa that palm oil consumpt increa blood cholesterol and contribut to heart disea are untru . but steve chang , professor of food scienc at rutger univ , said , `` palm oil is definit not good for human health becau it ha a high content of satur fatti acid . `` he ad that the higher the fatti acid , the greater the blood cholesterol level . `` it ha been well establish that high cholesterol level will have a higher level of heart disea , `` he said . a malaysian oil palm grower council offici , borg bek-nielsen , ha said studi have shown that palm oil is cholesterol-fr , low in satur fat , ha anti-canc properti and prevent blood clot and block of arteri in human . bek-nielsen said american consum more satur fat daili through food like butter , bacon , ham and beef than from palm oil , which , he ad is rich in vitamin a and e. david kritchevski , associ director of the wistar institut in philadelphia , appear to take the asa view on label . `` what peopl realli have to learn is to read label , `` said kritchevski . `` the more a consum know , the more like he will make an intellig choic . `` the u.s. scientist said they had no doubt import palm , palm kernel and coconut oil contain high satur fat level . kritchevski , a specialist in nutrit , said , `` more satur fat would rai cholesterol level ... so , from that point of view it 's a health risk . high cholesterol level in the blood are a risk factor for heart disea . `` susann harri , deputi assist secretari of the u.s. agricultur depart 's food and consum servic divi , said the health risk among consum of veget oil with high satur fat level wa highest among those who have heart disea . the scientist said more than 50 pct of the fatti acid content of the tropic oil wa satur , wherea less than 20 pct of the fatti acid content of soybean oil wa satur . david ericksen , director of asa 's technic servic , said u.s. soybean produc could regain about one-half of the 273 mln dlr in sale lost to import tropic oil if consum were awar the veget oil were high in satur fat . import tropic oil displac 171 mln bushel of u.s. soybean sale in the u.s. market , asa estim . u.s. import of coconut oil dure januari total 82.9 mln lb compar with 48.0 mln lb in decemb and 106.5 mln a year earlier , accord to commerc depart figur . import of palm oil total 44.0 mln lb compar with 51.3 mln lb in decemb and 85.2 mln a year earlier .