coff may fall more befor new quota talk coff price may have to fall even lower to bring export and import countri onc more round the negoti tabl to discuss export quota , ico deleg and trader said . the failur last night of intern coff organ , ico , produc and consum countri to agr export quota brought a sharp fall on intern coff futur market today with the london may price reach a 4-1/2 year low at one stage of 1,270 stg per tonn befor end the day at 1,314 stg , down 184 stg from the previou close . the new york may price wa down 15.59 at 108.00 cent a lb . pressur will now build up on produc return from the ico talk to sell coff which had been held back in the hope the negoti would establish quota which would put a floor under price , some senior trader said . the ico 15 day averag price stood at 114.66 cent a lb for march 2. thi compar with a target rang of 120 to 140 cent a lb under the system oper befor quota were suspend in februari last year follow a sharp rise in intern price cau by drought damag to the brazilian crop . in a reuter interview , brazilian coff institut , ibc , presid jorio dauster urg produc not to panic and said they need to make hard commerci deci . `` if we have fail at the ico , at least we have tri , `` dauster said , ad `` now it is time to go and sell coff . `` but brazil is keep it market option open . it plan to make an offici estim of the forthcom crop next month , dauster said . it is too difficult to forecast now . trade sourc have put the crop at over 26 mln bag compar with a previou crop of 11.2 mln . brazil is defin detail of public sell tender for coff bought on london 's futur market last year . a basic condit will be that it doe not go back to the market `` in one go `` but is sold over a minimum of six month . the breakdown of the ico negoti reflect a split between produc and consum on how to set the yardstick for futur quota . consum said `` object criteria `` like averag export and stock should determin produc quota share , dauster said . all element of thi propo were open to negoti but consum insist they did not want a return to the `` ad hoc `` way of settl export quota by virtual hor trade amongst produc whilst consum wait in the corridor of the ico . dauster said stock and export to ico member and non-memb all need to be consid when set quota and that brazil would like to appli the coff pact with a set ratio of over quota reflect stock hold . it is a `` simplist misconcept that brazil can dictat `` polici to other produc . while consum countri are welcom to particip they can not dictat quota which are veri difficult to alloc as differ `` object criteria `` achiev differ share-out of quota , dauster said . other deleg said there wa more open talk at the ico and at least differ were not hidden by a bad compromi . consum deleg said they had not been prepar to accept the produc ' offer to abandon quota if it prove imposs to find an accept basi for them . `` we want the basi of quota to reflect avail and to encourag stock hold as an altern to a buffer stock if suppli are need at a later stage , `` one deleg said . some consum claim produc support for the consum argument wa gain momentum toward the end of the ico session but said it is uncertain whether thi will now collap and how much produc will sink their differ should price fall further and remain depress . the ico execut board meet here march 30 to april 1 but both produc and consum deleg said they doubt if real negoti will begin then . the board is due to meet in indonesia in june with a full council schedul for septemb . more cynic trader said the pressur of market forc and polit in debt heavi latin american produc countri could bring ico member back around the negoti tabl sooner than mani imagin . in that case quota could come into forc dure the summer . but most deleg and trader said quota befor octob are unlik , while brazil 's dauster note the ico ha continu although there were no quota from 1972 to 1980. a clear differ between the pressur alreadi be felt by import and export wa that consum would have been happi to agr on a formula for futur quota even if it could not be impo now . at least in that way they said they could show a direct relationship between quota and avail . in contrast produc want stop-gap quota to plug the seemingli bottomless market and were prepar to allow these to lap should last agreement not be found . `` produc were offer us jam tomorrow but after their failur to discuss them last year promi were insuffici and we want a cast iron commit now , `` one consum said .