februari fomc vote unchang monetari polici the feder open market committ at it februari 10-11 meet vote nine to one to maintain the then-exist degr of reserv restraint , minut show . the fomc issu an asymmetr inter-meet polici direct which gave greater possibl to firmer rather than easier polici . the committ set a six to seven pct januari through march annual growth target for m-2 and m-3 and no m-1 goal . at the prior meet in mid-decemb , the fomc set a seven pct target for m-2 and m-3 for novemb through march . the februari fomc kept the four to eight pct feder fund rate `` refer `` rang for polici , as in other recent meet . at a telephon confer on februari 23 , committ member discuss the possibl implic of the deci reach in pari for u.s. interv in foreign exchang market . no conclu were contain in the minut . in it inter-meet polici direct , the februari fomc said that `` somewhat greater reserv restraint would , or slightli lesser reserv restraint might , be accept depend on the behavior of the aggreg , take into account the strength of the busi expan , develop in foreign exchang market , progress against inflat , and condit in domest and intern credit market . `` the februari fomc vote nine to one for an unchang polici . thoma melzer , st loui feder reserv bank presid favor some tighten of reserv condit . he note the strong growth in bank loan in novemb through januari and the firm feder fund rate that had prevail despit the extraordinari pace of reserv growth . he also cite the recent declin in the dollar 's valu . final , look ahead , melzer point out the potenti for a further rise in inflationari expect . he believ that prompt restraint might avert the need for more substanti tighten later . regard inter-meet polici adjust , the fomc minut show , `` the member gener felt that polici implement should be especi alert to the potenti need for some firm of reserv condit . `` in thi view , the fomc said somewhat greater reserv restraint would be warrant if monetari growth did not slow in line with current expect and there were concurr indic of intensifi inflationari pressur against the background of stronger econom data . one indic of potenti price pressur might be a further tendenc for the dollar to weaken . the minut show that one member , presum melzer , prefer a direct that did not contempl ani ea dure the week ahead . howev , `` most of the member did not want to rule out the possibl of some slight ea dure the inter-meet period , although they did not view the condit for such a move as like to emerg . `` the fomc member assum that futur fluctuat in the dollar 's valu would not be of suffici magnitud to have ani signif effect on the fed 's econom project . in addit , they anticip that consid progress would be made in reduc the feder budget deficit .