caesar world board approv recapit caesar world inc & lt ; caw > said it director unanim approv a recapit plan under which stockhold will get a cash distribut of 25 dlr per share via a one-tim special cash dividend and will retain their common stock ownership in caesar world . caesar world said it expect to rai the approxim one billion dlr need to pay the 25 dlr per share dividend and the expen of recapit through around 200 mln dlr in bank borrow and a public sale of approxim 800 mln dlr of debt . some outstand debt will be retir . drexel burnham lambert inc , caesar ' financ advisor , ha told the compani it is confid it can arrang the entir financ need for the recapit . henri gluck , chairman and chief execut offic of the hotel , casino and resort compani , said in a statement the board believ the recapit plan is financ superior to a 28 dlr a share tender offer by martin sosnoff . gluck said the caesar world board onc again recommend that sharehold reject the sosnoff offer . the stock close at 29.25 dlr a share on friday . `` our abil to restructur along these line is possibl primarili becau of the financ stabil and the strong oper result achiev by manag in recent year , `` gluck said . he said that after the recapit take effect , proforma net incom for the fiscal year end juli 31 , 1988 is expect to be about 28.7 mln dlr . fiscal 1988 primari earn per share are project to be 76 cent , base on about 37.8 mln in post-recapit common and common-equiv share outstand . comment on the compani 's longer term earn outlook , gluck said `` we project net incom to increa to 86.2 mln dlr in 1992 , reflect increa oper incom and lower interest expen due to the retir of 267 mln dlr of debt incur in connect with the recapit . `` he said the compani doe not usual relea project , but ha done so now beau of the signif of the recapit . gluck said the recapit plan will be submit for stockhold approv at a special meet expect in june . the plan will requir the approv of stockhold and that of the nevada and new jersey game regulatori author . as part of the plan , the compani will chang it state of incorpor from florida to delawar by mean of a merger of caesar world into a wholli own subsidiari of the compani . the new incorpor certif and bylaw will provid for , among other thing , a `` fair price `` provi requir that certain transact with interest 15 pct stockhold be approv by an 80 pct vote of stockhold , exclud share held by such interest stockhold . caesar world said in a statement that `` the cash distribut will result in a substanti deficit in stockhold ' equiti . `` it did not give an estim of the size of thi deficit . but the compani said it financ advisor have said they believ that after the recapit , caesar world should have the financ flexibl and resourc necessari to financ it current and project oper and capit requir .