u.s. credit market outlook - cautiou trade u.s. bond trade is like to remain cautiou in the near term with a possibl downward price bia as market particip focu on trend in the dollar , the economi and feder reserv polici , economist said . most expect the economi to continu show modest gain , that the dollar ha more room to fall and that the fed will keep polici essenti steadi , perhap for sever month . until trend are clearer , `` the market can onli attempt to to establish and hold a new trade rang at higher interest rate , `` said economist at merril lynch capit market . merril lynch economist raymond stone and ward mccarthi said that while the fundament gener bode for a healthi invest climat , the market will have no confid in thi environ until there is illumin of and confid in u.s. dollar/trad polici . salomon brother ' henri kaufman said the bond market , highli sensit to dollar movement , could be encourag if currenc market seem to be stabil or if u.s. and oversea econom growth is perceiv as slow sharpli . `` the crucial question , howev , is how soon either of these develop is like to occur , `` kaufman said . `` market uncertainti and the ero of portfolio manag confid could continu portfolio sell pressur a while longer , `` said philip braverman , chief economist at irv secur corp. howev , braverman said that , `` from a longer term perspect , current ( bond ) price provid a buy opportun . `` despit a nearli one-point bond price rebound friday on unexpectedli weak march employ data , key 30-year treasuri bond lost 2-1/4 point in price for the week as a whole and thursday 's 7.93 pct close yield wa a 1987 high . braverman said histor evid suggest that a long bond yield in the 7.93 pct area provid a basi for optim . bond close at 7.86 pct on friday . the irv economist note that three time last year , in a similar `` paroxysm of pessim , `` the key bond reach a similar close yield high . within three to six week in each instanc , howev , braverman said bond price recov to bring the yield down sharpli by 63 to 82 basi point . mitchel held of smith barney , harri upham and co inc said that mani portfolio manag now believ yield could approach nine pct by midyear , which he consid unlik . held said that , sinc late 1986 , smith barney analyst have spoken about the risk that interest rate could move higher and they continu to believ that an upward bia is like to persist over the next few month . held said that in conver with portfolio manag last week there appear to be increa belief that the rate rise had just begun and that yield could approach nine pct by midyear . natur , that would mean a sharp bond price fall . `` yield could rise further over the next few month , but the rise should be less than the 65 basi point rise we 've seen sinc the start of the year , `` held said . most expect fed polici to be neutral for bond near term . `` the fed is current frozen into a fix stanc , `` said economist at aubrey g. lanston and co inc. they said the fed can not tighten polici and push up interest rate as might be appropri to stabil the dollar and head off renew inflationari psycholog . that might harm the fragil u.s. econom expan . the lanston economist said , `` the fed can not ea it polici stanc to both foster more rapid econom growth and calm domest and third world debt jitter without the threat of cau a further declin in the dollar . `` minut of februari 's feder open market committ ( fomc ) meet relea friday show that while the fomc left polici unchang it wa more inclin to firm rather than ea polici later if condit in the economi , foreign exchang or credit market warrant a polici shift . howev , economist gener believ that continu fairli sluggish u.s. econom growth and the financ strain on u.s. bank result from their problem loan to develop countri rule out ani fed polici firm . there is broad agreement among economist that the fomc at last tuesday 's meet also left fed polici unchang . thi week 's u.s. econom data are expect to have littl impact . februari consum instal credit number are due on wednesday , with march produc price data out friday . there may be mild relief in some quarter that the u.s. purcha manag composit index , a closely-watch econom indic , rose onli to 53.9 pct in march from 51.9 pct . a friday rumor had put the number far higher . the index 's first quarter averag also wa 53.9 pct , translat into real gnp growth of about three pct if continu through 1987. feder fund trade at 5-15/16 pct late friday and are expect to open about there today with no fed action seen .