cocoa buffer stock may face uphil battl - trade the intern cocoa organ ( icco ) buffer stock could face an uphil battl to halt the downtrend in world cocoa price when it begin buy oper in the next few week , cocoa trader said . trader said they believ buffer stock purcha could reach 75,000 tonn in a matter of week without lift price significantli , given the amount of surplu cocoa overhang the market . the buffer stock may begin buy shortli as the icco 10 day averag indic price is now at 1,578.03 special draw right ( sdr ) per tonn , below the 1,600 `` must buy `` level . rule govern buffer stock oper were agr last month by the icco council . buy will begin onc the buffer stock manag ha complet prepar , trader said . some trader said the buffer stock manag may delay buffer stock buy until mid or end-april when chang in month use to calcul the icco indic may lift the 10 day averag abov the 1,600 sdr `` must buy `` level . the icco indic price is calcul from the averag of the second , third and fourth posit on the london and new york futur market . the daili price wa 1,577.61 sdr per tonn yesterday . month use current for the indic are may , juli and septemb , but these are set to chang to juli , septemb and decemb on april 15 , prior to may becom the new york spot month , trader note . the introduct of decemb into the calcul may lift the daili sdr price as decemb is current quot about 75 stg abov may on the london termin market . but the buffer stock manag would have to wait for the higher daili price to feed through into the 10-day averag , the indic which govern hi activ , trader said . `` the buffer stock manag is obviou look at the implic of delay until forward price lift the indic sinc it might mean he ha to buy less cocoa , `` an analyst from a lead cocoa trade hou said . trader said the buffer stock purcha could reach 75,000 tonn fairli quickli onc buy start . if purcha reach thi level within six month , buy is suspend pend an icco council review of price rang . but some cocoa market watcher said the buffer stock may benefit from recent forecast for a poor brazilian bahia temporao crop at 1.5 mln to two mln 60 kilo bag against initi expect of up to three mln . a lower than expect brazilian crop may cut the 1986/87 world surplu to between 50,000 and 70,000 tonn , compar with a recent forecast by the icco statist committ of 94,000 tonn , trader said . in these circumst , the buffer stock may onli need to buy between 20,000 and 30,000 tonn to lift price abov the `` must buy `` level . but some dealer said the icco buffer stock rule may put constraint on how quickli and effect the buffer stock manag can remov cocoa from the market . the buffer stock system of price differenti set accord to qualiti and a 15 pct limit on purcha from non-memb could limit the buffer stock 's scope for action , dealer said . most of the cocoa readili avail to the buffer stock is nearbi in-stor materi of malaysian and ivori coast origin . but the buffer stock can onli buy 15 pct malaysian cocoa as malaysia is not an icco member , while purcha of nearbi cocoa can onli reach 40 pct in ani one day , which forc the buffer stock to buy some intermedi and forward shipment materi . limit on buffer stock purcha of nearbi and non-memb cocoa will reduc the impact on termin price which are pressur by the overhang of malaysian materi , trader said . buffer stock purcha of forward shipment cocoa from qualiti produc such as ghana will have onli a limit impact on futur , but is like to widen physic market premium for thi cocoa over futur . ghana 's premium to the termin ha risen to about 50 stg from 25 to 30 stg a month ago partli in anticip of buffer stock buy , dealer said . `` the buffer stock may not help the termin market , but will provid a backstop for qualiti cocoa , `` one trader said . trader caution that view on the impact of the buffer stock were `` all prognost `` and that no one could hope to predict accur what the result would be . psycholog buffer stock buy should help price , but sinc the buffer stock alreadi hold a carryov of 100,000 tonn from the previou cocoa agreement and the market is in surplu , dealer express doubt purcha can counter bearish pressur . in june the icco is due to discuss rule for a withhold scheme as an addit market support mechan .