japan cut chip suppli , may produc shortag japan is attempt to cut back semiconductor product to forstal the 300 mln dlr in u.s. tariff on japan electron good set to take effect april 17 , industri analyst said . the move is like to creat a sharp price rise and a possibl shortag of the key comput compon in the next few week , the analyst said . `` price have gone up for memori compon , the mainstay of the japan semiconductor industri , `` analyst drew peck of donaldson lufkin and jenrett said . but analyst said the price rise have been slight so far , and some question whether japan would be success in forc japan compani to cut product in the long run . other , howev , were more optimist , say evid wa alreadi in hand that japan ha cut back produt and halt sale to the grey market , the third countri broker that sell chip at below product cost . `` we 've seen the grey market begin to dri up for d-ram , and it ha virtual dri up for eprom , `` said merril lynch analyst thoma kurlack of the two key memori chip use in comput . `` price are inch up and lead time on deliveri are stretch , `` kurlack ad . industri analyst said japan 's ministri of intern trade and industri , or miti , had request the cut back in product to meet the term of last year 's semiconductor accord with the u.s. the reagan adminsitr recent propo tariff on japan electron good , alleg that japan had fail to live up to the accord and continu to dump the comput compon in the u.s. market . but some analyst said japan 's attempt to mollifi the u.s. wa a doubl edg sword , and might be read at a subtl form of trade retali for the tariff propo by the u.s. as product in japan is cut , these analyst argu , price will rise in the u.s. and few american semiconductor manufactur will be abl to take up the slack sinc most long ago exit the market for memori chip . u.s. comput maker that use the chip in their machin will then be pressur . `` the japan are look for way to reduc trade pressur from washington , but at the same time they ' r demonst their muscl , `` analyst peck said . the cut back in japan product are expect to benefit u.s. chip maker . `` i think thi could be a veri import factor for u.s. semiconductor manufactur , `` industri analyst elliot levin of ladenburg thalmann co said . but analyst peck said , `` it will take a few week to see whether japan ha genuin cut product . `` he said japan manufactur were like to view miti ' request unfavor becau chip capac wa still high and product cut back would lead to signif write-off in plant and equip .