opec may have to meet to firm price - analyst opec may be forc to meet befor a schedul june session to readdress it product cut agreement if the organ want to halt the current slide in oil price , oil industri analyst said . `` the movement to higher oil price wa never to be as easi as opec thought . they may need an emerg meet to sort out the problem , '' said daniel yergin , director of cambridg energi research associ , cera . analyst and oil industri sourc said the problem opec face is excess oil suppli in world oil market . `` opec 's problem is not a price problem but a product issu and must be address in that way , '' said paul mlotok , oil analyst with salomon brother inc. he said the market 's earlier optim about opec and it abil to keep product under control have given way to a pessimist outlook that the organ must address soon if it wish to regain the initi in oil price . but some other analyst were uncertain that even an emerg meet would address the problem of opec product abov the 15.8 mln bpd quota set last decemb . `` opec ha to learn that in a buyer market you can not have deem quota , fix price and set differenti , '' said the region manag for one of the major oil compani who spoke on condit that he not be name . `` the market is now tri to teach them that lesson again , '' he ad . david t. mizrahi , editor of mideast report , expect opec to meet befor june , although not immedi . howev , he is not optimist that opec can address it princip problem . `` they will not meet now as they tri to take advantag of the winter demand to sell their oil , but in late march and april when demand slacken , '' mizrahi said . but mizrahi said that opec is unlik to do anyth more than reiter it agreement to keep output at 15.8 mln bpd . '' analyst said that the next two month will be critic for opec 's abil to hold togeth price and output . `` opec must hold to it pact for the next six to eight week sinc buyer will come back into the market then , '' said dillard sprigg of petroleum analysi ltd in new york . but bijan moussavar-rahmani of harvard univers 's energi and environ polici center said that the demand for opec oil ha been rise through the first quarter and thi may have prompt excess in it product . `` demand for their ( opec ) oil is clearli abov 15.8 mln bpd and is probabl closer to 17 mln bpd or higher now so what we are see character as cheat is opec meet thi demand through current product , '' he told reuter in a telephon interview .