u.s. immigr rule spark congress object new immigr rule relat to alien farm worker and reportedli be draft by the u.s. agricultur depart are meet with object in congress , sourc on capitol hill said . usda is draft regul , requir by a 1986 law , that would offer amnesti to illeg alien if they work in the cultiv of fruit , veget and other perish commod . the depart is consid includ in it definit of perish commod such farm product as tobacco , hop , spanish reed and christma tree , while exclud sugar cane , the new york time report yesterday . rep. howard berman , d-calif. , would like to see the definit extend to includ sugar cane , cultiv of which is `` a breed ground for one of the scandal of the nation , '' gene smith , a spokesman for berman , said . livestock , dairi and poultri produc have been lobbi usda hard to have their product cover by the amnesti provis , farm industri sourc said . chuck field of the american farm bureau feder said livestock produc were `` desper '' becaus they fear they will be unabl to retain the mani illeg alien who have join that industri . a hous staff member involv in draft the landmark 1986 immigr law who ask not to be identifi said congress did not mean to extend special amnesti provis to worker who help cultiv tobacco , and that inclus of hop and spanish reed wa `` margin . '' in addit , lawmak made it clear dure consider of the bill that lumber worker were not to be cover by the the amnesti provis , make the inclus of christma tree `` a tough call , '' thi sourc said . usda offici declin to comment on the draft regul except to say it wa subject to chang befor it will be releas , probabl some time later thi month . while lawmak may object to the usda rule under consider relat to perish commod , congress is not like to reopen debat on the controversi immigr question , congression sourc said . the amnesti provis special design for farm worker wa crucial to passag of the overal immigr bill . congression staff member estim the special farm worker amnesti provis would appli to between 250,000 to 350,000 alien . the law would allow elig farm worker who work for 90 day dure the year end may 1 , 1986 , to appli for temporari , then perman , resid statu .