b.c . resourc ha agreement on credit facil & lt ; british columbia resourc invest corp > , earlier report higher full year oper loss , said it reach agreement in principl with five lender provid for a 360 mln dlr credit facil over a four year term . the compani said the credit facil is extend under certain circumst , with annual princip payment of five mln dlr . the agreement is subject to certain lender approv and complet of formal document . it earlier report 1986 loss befor extraordinari item rose to 26.4 mln dlr from year-ago 7.2 mln dlr . b.c . resourc also said dividend on it seri 2 prefer share and exchang prefer share will remain suspend . howev , payment will be made on account of the quarterli dividend on the exchang prefer share by the company' truste from a deposit account , b.c . resourc said . suffici fund should be avail to pay full amount of the march 31 , 1987 dividend to exchang prefer sharehold , with payment expect in earli april to sharehold of record march 31 , the compani said . if futur dividend are not declar after the april exchang prefer quarterli payout , futur payment will depend on the amount of dividend receiv from westcoast transmiss co & lt ; wtc > , b.c . resourc said . the compani said it increas fourth quarter and full year oper loss primarili result from lower oil price and a four month labor shutdown at it balmer coal mine in british columbia . b.c . resourc also record a 99.9 mln dlr extraordinari loss , which includ loss on disposit of north sea oil and ga interest by 67 pct own & lt ; westar mine ltd > . b.c . resourc ' 1986 extraordinari charg also includ a writedown of it invest in westar petroleum . gain on the sale of westar timber 's skeena and celgar pulp mill and terrac sawmil partial offset the extraordinari loss , the compani said . the compani said the asset sale have elimin b.c . resourc ' long term financ commit in the north sea and exposur to the fluctuat pulp market . it also said it cut long term debt in 1986 to 900 mln dlr from 1.3 billion dlr at year-end 1985 , and manag chang and staff cut have significantli reduc cost .