suppli , mideast tension fuel gain in oil petroleum futur ralli today in a market that wa expect declin in domest suppli and becam further unsettl by escal mideast fight . crude oil , gasolin and heat oil all post gain on the new york mercantil exchang , with crude oil price match life-of-contract high . crude for deliveri in may close 17 cent higher at 18.84 dlr a barrel . `` crude futur could jump abov 19 dlr a barrel but will not remain there long if product are not strong , '' robert murphi , account execut at e.f. hutton , said . trader said price were support by anticip that the american petroleum institut would report a declin in domest inventori of petroleum product in a weekli report . trader said price also were support by an escal in the iran-iraq war , with the iranian reportedli launch a new offens against iraqi posit , and iraq attack offshor oil field and an oil export depot . buy by specul continu to prompt gain in gold and silver futur on the commod exchang in new york . gold price retreat at midday , but ralli befor the close with support from the silver market , which wa approach two-year high , trader said . soybean futur post strong gain on the chicago board of trade , while corn and wheat were mostli higher . trader said cash sale have been slow in the countri , and the soybean harvest in brazil ha been delay by rain , which is limit suppli . in addit , the agricultur depart last week project a substanti drop in soybean acreag thi year . monday' report that the usda inspect 46 mln bushel of corn for export last week wa unexpectedli high and , coupl with a lack of farm sale , provid support for the corn market , trader said . live hog and frozen pork belli ralli on the chicago mercantil exchang , while cattl end lower . live hog push ahead on a lack of suppli becaus mani farmer are turn their attent to spring plant rather than market livestock , trader said , note that cash sale have been lighter than expect thi week . the lack of market also ha support pork belli , but price drift lower for moder loss in nearbi month as specul sold contract to take profit , trader said . cattl price close lower but continu to show strength relat to tight suppli . price push ahead to new contract high , extend gain past three-year peak set monday , as tight suppli forc meat packer to bid aggress for avail anim . howev , some trader sold contract to take profit after the extend ralli , which ha seen the april deliveri contract soar to 69.90 cent a pound from 56 cent a pound at the start of the year . new york coffe futur close higher on trade talk brazil would not be an aggress seller near term , analyst said .