currenc futur to key off g-5 , g-7 meet news of an agreement among g-5 and g-7 financ minist meet in washington thi week will be key to the direct of currenc futur at the intern monetari market , but ani such agreement will need to go beyond the pari accord to stem the recent rise in futur , financi analyst said . `` if they ( the financ minist ) give the market someth realli new to look at -- that is , some packag that goe beyond the pari agreement -- you could have a real boost in the dollar , '' said shearson lehman brother analyst ann mill . on the other hand , `` anyth neutral would tend to be bearish for the dollar , '' mill said . trader and analyst agre a simpl reaffirm of the pari accord will not be enough to halt the declin in the dollar , nor will central bank intervent . `` a lot of peopl are look for a reason to buy currenc and sell the dollar , '' said one trader for a larg retail firm on the floor of the imm . `` if there is no concret resolut , they will be look to sell the dollar , possibl down to the 1.80 mark level , '' he said . technic , most currenc futur are pois for anoth rise , said smith barney harri upham analyst craig sloan . sloan note that june yen futur set a new contract high on tuesday and close at it best level ever , while june sterl set a new contract high on monday . `` everyth seem to be come to a head right now and you do n't need much to get thing roll , '' sloan said . in particular , the june canadian dollar , for which sloan recent put out a buy recommend , ha hover in a rang between 0.7600 and 0.7660 in recent week , form a triangl on the chart from which it may soon break out on the upsid . a close abov the contract high of 0.7665 would signal a breakout , sloan said , and would like mean the nearbi canadian dollar contract would extend it advanc to near the 0.7800 level . june canadian dollar close at 0.7656 tuesday . mill note , howev , that interest rate differenti between canadian secur and u.s. secur have narrow dramat recent , with yield on 10-year canadian bond onli about 80 basi point abov u.s. 10-year note . what ha help the canadian currenc , she note , is an increas proport of foreign fund flow into the canadian equiti market , particularli from japanes investor . other analyst , howev , said currenc futur may be near the top of their long-term ralli . `` someth will be done at the ( g-5 and g-7 ) meet to calm peopl , '' said david horner of merril lynch econom . the pari accord ha pretti much fix where major european currenc will trade , horner said . but sterl futur may still make anoth run for new high , up to 1.6300 to 1.6500 dlr in the june contract , on the posit atmospher that will prevail befor british elect and possibl anoth interest rate cut , horner said . the june british pound close at 1.6080 on tuesday . horner said that new boundari for the trade rang of the yen are like to come out of the g-5 and g-7 meet . the most like rang will be a bottom for the dollar between 140 to 142 yen per dollar and a top near 150 to 152 yen , horner said . in yen futur , the bottom of the dollar' rang would be equival to 0.007100 to 0.007150 in the june contract . june yen close at 0.006913 on tuesday . if such a rang doe emerg from the meet , `` we will have one more ralli in the yen , '' horner said .