leaf disea hit sri lanka rubber a leaf disea affect seven pct of sri lanka 's rubber plantat may reduc output thi year and rai current depress price , industri offici and research told reuter . about 2,900 hectar of rubber plant with the rubber research institut ( rri ) clone 103 have been hit by the fungu `` coren pora `` which attack the root of the tree and kill the leav . the disea wa first discov about six month ago . trade sourc say price might boom onc again if the crisi lead to output below the 1987 target of 143,000 tonn . last year 's output is estim at between 133,000 and 135,000 tonn . research say the fungu could spread to other rubber clone if no immedi action is taken . `` the rri is consid ask estat to remov the tree seriou affect by the fungu becau it wa too late to use chemic to kill the disea , `` an institut spokesman said . senior industri and research offici met yesterday at padukka , east of here , to discuss way of control the fungu which is affect estat mostli belong to the state plantat corp and janatha estat develop board . the two state-own group account for 30 pct of rubber land with the balanc belong to small privat produc with a total of 145,600 hectar . the rric 103 is a new clone propag by the research institut as high yield and recommend two year ago for plant . onli the two state group seriou plant these clone while smallhold prefer the low-yield but older pbx malaysian clone . offici at yesterday 's crisi meet said it wa decid to uproot onli some of the affect tree while other would be treat . they declin to comment on other deci taken . trade sourc said suppli had improv in the past week but price had hit their lowest sinc last decemb . `` if there is a shortag of rubber , price are bound to rise , `` a spokesman for a compani buy on behalf of the soviet union said . rubber price , particularli crepe , fell sharpli by about four rupe a kilo between decemb and march . the best crepe one-x trade at 23.68 rupe a kilo , averag 19.75 at thi week 's auction . sheet price fell by a rupe in the same period . quantiti offer at the auction also fell to an averag of 300 tonn per auction last month from 800 tonn in decemb becau of winter in earli februari in produc area . over 550 tonn were offer at thi tuesday 's auction with the suppli posit show improv . trade sourc said the smaller avail of rubber last month did not rai price as on previou occa . `` some factor , like less storag space from excess stock , meant we could not buy much at the auction until we dispo of the rubber we alreadi had , `` one buyer said . other sourc said there were few forward contract and specul buy last month , while delay in steamer arriv aggrav the problem . european buyer delay their purcha becau of winter closur of factori and also in the hope that price would ea further . they said anoth problem that could hit the industri is the dri spell in produc area . `` if the inter-monsoon rain expect in late march/april are delay , we would have further shortag , `` one offici said . `` but thi again could benefit price , `` a buyer said .