fed draft currenc , rate swap risk gaug the feder reserv board vote unanim to propos a formula for calcul the risk of interest rate and currenc swap as part of it ongo effort to come up with a new capit standard for u.s. bank that take into account the riski of a bank 's loan and other asset . fed offici said an ident propos wa be issu today by the bank of england . the fed set a 60-day period for public comment on the plan . the propos adopt today address onli the credit risk associ with interest rate swap , forward foreign exchang contract and similar financi instrument . previous , the fed jan. 8 propos a seri of guidelin for calcul the risk of other off-balance-sheet activ that bank would be requir to take into account in calcul the minimum financi cushion they would need to maintain . both guidelin set five broad categori of risk for loan and other bank asset and assign to each a level of risk that would establish a bank 's minimum capit need . the addit guidelin propos today would determin the amount of capit support requir for a bank 's current exposur for a given asset and the potenti futur exposur . the current exposur would be measur by the mark-to-market valu of the asset , which would reflect the replac cost . potenti futur increas in the replac cost would be calcul use credit convers factor base on statist analys by the staff of the bank of england and u.s. bank regul . futur exposur would rise over the life of the asset . the fed staff said the risk gaug attempt to balanc conflict need for precis and simplic . they ignor , for exampl , the rel volatil of the particular currenc involv in exchang rate contract . board offici said the new gaug could increas the capit requir of the largest money center bank , which are the princip particip in these type of activ . they caution the fed board to take account of the potenti impact of the plan on the abil of u.s. bank to compet in world financi market . howev , the staff conclud , `` the credit risk inher in such contract now constitut a signific element of the risk profil of some bank organ . '' the fed propos would exempt all but the 20-25 largest particip in thi market , on ground the benefit of includ the smaller bank would be outweigh by cost . also exclud would be interest rate and foreign exchang contract trade on organ exchang . governor martha seger said she wa concern that japan wa not involv in the u.k.-u.s. effort to draft new capit rule .