ec sourc detail new farm social packag the 350 mln ecu three-year packag of social and structur measur agre earli today by european commun farm minist featur a plan to compens farmer for reduc output of certain surplu product , ec commiss sourc said . the minist agre that under thi `` extensif '' scheme , farmer would qualifi for compens if they cut output of specif product by at least 20 pct . the plan would initi appli to cereal , beef , veal and wine , they ad . cereal farmer would have to achiev their output cut by reduc acreag , while cattl farmer would reduc their number of head and vinegrow would cut yield . in each case , farmer would have to undertak not to step up their capac for output of other product which are in surplu in the ec . the sourc said payment level have not yet been fix but will be design to compens farmer for loss of profit on the product they forego . the sourc said the packag also contain provis for payment to farmer who embark on a program aim at protect or improv the environ . it would also mean compensatori allow in less favour farm area would be extend to crop . at present such allow are avail onli for livestock . the packag would provid 20 mln ecu for research into altern farm techniqu , the sourc ad . at a news confer ec farm commission fran andriessen said the commiss is also work on propos to enabl the ec and member state to provid direct incom support for rel poor farmer . andriessen did not give full detail , but said member state aid would be subject to `` strict criteria to avoid distort of competit . '' ec payment would aim to help farmer to surviv a difficult period while the ec tackl the problem of surplu product . the commiss withdrew from the packag agre last night propos to pay `` earli retir '' pension to farmer age 55 or over who gave up product . those who took their land complet out of farm product , rather than pass it on to their heir , would have receiv more gener payment . andriessen said the commiss plan to present revis propos along these line in an effort to get a scheme agre .