u.s. , britain agre further bank capit propos the bank of england and the u.s. feder reserv board have agre new propos for joint standard to measur the risk of an array of credit exposur that do not show up in bank balanc sheet , the bank of england said . the plan , cover swap , forward contract and option involv interest or exchang rate , complement propos agre in januari between the two central bank to make commerci bank in the u.s. and britain subject to similar standard for measur capit adequaci , the propos said . it said no final decis had been reach yet and bank have until april 16 to comment on the trunk propos . the bank of england and fed said they had face a dilemma . `` on the one hand ( we ) are determin to requir adequ capit support for potenti futur exposur -- on the other hand ( we ) are concern that overli stringent capit requir might unnecessarili affect the abil of u.s. and u.k. bank organis to price ... contract competit . '' at the basi of the new propos lie the concept of the so-cal credit equival amount - the current valu of a currenc or interest rate contract and an estim of it potenti chang in valu due to currenc or interest rate fluctuat until the contract matur . in treatment similar to that agre in januari for balanc sheet asset , the credit equival will be assign one of five risk weight between zero and 100 pct , depend on the qualiti of the counterparti , the remain matur of the contract and on collater or guarante to the contract , the plan show . the propos show that collater and guarante would not be recognis in calcul credit equival amount . they would , howev , be reflect in the assign of risk weight . the onli guarante recognis are those given by u.s. and u.k. govern or , in the u.s. , by domest nation govern agenc , the propos show . the paper said the propos rule would not cover spot foreign exchang contract and secur trade in futur and option exchang . it said u.s. regulatori author and the bank of england were keen to encourag bank to `` net '' contract -- consolid multipl contract with the same counterparti into one singl agreement to creat one singl payment stream . it recognis that `` such arrang may in certain circumst reduc credit risk and wish to encourag their further develop and implement , '' and said some of the current propos may be chang to take thi into account . the paper said the propos rule would not cover spot foreign exchang contract and secur trade in futur and option exchang . it said u.s. regulatori author and the bank of england were keen to encourag bank to `` net '' contract -- consolid multipl contract with the same counterparti into one singl agreement to creat one singl payment stream . it recognis that `` such arrang may in certain circumst reduc credit risk and wish to encourag their further develop and implement , '' and said some of the current propos may be chang to take thi into account .