coffe talk failur seen pressur u.s. failur of talk on re-establish intern coffe organ , ico , coffe quota last week may put polit pressur on the unit state , particularli the state depart , to reassess it posit , but the u.s. is unlik to back away from it basic demand quota be set by `` object criteria '' , u.s. offici said . jon rosenbaum , assist u.s. trade repres and head of washington 's deleg to the talk , told reuter on hi return from london that the unit state is will to resum the coffe negoti as earli as april if necessari . rosenbaum said the unit state will be `` flexibl '' in discuss the method of establish object criteria and ani transit to new quota , but not on the basic aim of establish an object method of set quota . at the ico talk major consum nation , led by the u.s. , propos that futur coffe export quota share be calcul by a formula incorpor a produc 's recent export product and verifi stock , while larg produc led by brazil propos maintain the tradit ad hoc divis of share . the consum posit would have in effect reduc the market share of brazil , by far the world 's largest produc . rosenbaum said the administr would continu to support legisl now befor congress which would allow the u.s. custom servic to monitor coffe import , as a way to compli with ani futur coffe quota . he said the reagan administr would be review the coffe polici situat follow the collaps of the london talk , but `` nobodi is propos we chang our posit . '' howev , other u.s. govern offici involv in coffe polici said they are brace for a diplomat and coffe market offens from produc countri , led by brazil and colombia , to soften the consum posit . `` know that it next crop is fairli larg , brazil will kind of want to test the resolv of other produc and consum , '' said one u.s. offici . the u.s. offici , who ask not to be identifi , said brazil and colombia may flood the coffe market in the next few month in an effort to drive down price and pressur other countri , particularli the splinter group of small produc who differ with the major produc in london . thi in turn could lead to urgent appeal from latin american countri , face with mount debt problem , to the u.s. state depart , and to the nation secur council in the white hous , for an eas of the u.s. posit , u.s. offici said . the state depart , a major player in set u.s. coffe polici , may then face conflict pressur , particularli from politically-sensit u.s. alli in central america , u.s. offici said . el salvador and guatemala both back brazil and colombia at the london talk in resist pressur for quota base on object criteria . but the dominican republ and costa rica join the splinter group , which said it would agre to object criteria . there is a strong feel among some in the state depart that the unit state should continu to support the splinter group of produc who have taken the politically-riski step of oppos brazil on the object criteria question , u.s. offici said . within the consum countri there also is expect to be some pressur to reassess posit . in london , the u.s. wa support by the u.k. , the netherland , west germani , japan , australia and new zealand on the issu of object criteria , u.s. offici said . thi bloc repres enough vote among consum nation to success prevent adopt of the produc propos . howev , u.s. sourc said west germani 's support wa at time qualifi and there is some concern that the european commun could come under pressur to be more accommod to produc in futur talk . franc back the ivori coast and other african produc dure the talk . a soften of the ec stanc would make it more difficult , although not imposs , for the u.s. to block produc plan . while polit manuev by small produc and consum countri will be import , u.s. offici said the key to ani futur outcom will be brazil 's posit . u.s. offici blame brazil 's intransig for the failur of the talk and said a more flexibl posit from brasilia would be the most import step toward agreement .