turkey see 1.5 billion dlr deficit in 1986 turkey expect a 1986 balanc of payment deficit of 1.5 billion dlr , well over target , but is take step to improv it perform in thi and other field , ali tigrel , director of econom plan at the state plan organis said . he told reuter the shortfal wa a direct consequ of econom growth of nearli eight pct , up from 5.1 pct in 1985 , which he said result mostli from a surg in domest demand . tigrel acknowledg a need to cut inflat further after a drop of more than 12 point to 24.6 pct in the treasuri wholesal index last year . thi year 's target of 20 pct `` might be attain but the econom manag will have to be care , '' he said . tigrel , whose depart produc the annual programm which is central to the govern 's econom plan , said turkey 's creditworthi wa at risk over the current account shortfal , origin target at 695 mln dlr . `` we must allevi the current account substanti to sustain the creditworthi that we have manag to secur over the last five year , '' he ad . hi comment echo last octob 's organis for econom cooper and develop report on turkey , which said ankara 's case for more medium-term financ on better term would look better if inflat were lower and the current account deficit cut or turn into a surplu . `` in 1987 we must reduc the rate of growth in public sector invest , we must reduc the public sector deficit as a percentag of gnp and we must achiev a veri visibl improv in the current account deficit , '' he said . tigrel said a surg in public sector spend last year wa also to blame for the high deficit . appropri to govern depart had been cut by eight pct sinc the budget wa pass in decemb and foreign borrow by municip had been restrain . `` we are tri make sure that public bodi stick to the invest programm and do not exceed their appropri , '' he said . it wa hope to bring the public sector borrow requir down to five pct of gnp in 1987 from an estim 5.6 pct in 1986. more modest gnp growth of five pct for 1987 wa also target , tigrel said . measur were be taken to encourag export , and product incent were be consid . `` we must tri to make sure that more capac is inject into the turkish economi in the come year . the promot polici is gear to make sure that both foreign invest and local privat capit come more into play as far as manufactur capac is concern , '' tigrel said . he said the process of structur adjust of the turkish economi to free market polici , begun in 1980 , wa still under way . trade had been liberalis and a freer exchang rate polici appli , but he acknowledg there wa more to be done in a countri where the state still domin industri and the currenc is onli partial convert .