energy/california oil product drill for oil in california is like to continu at last year 's sharpli reduc level despit recent gain in crude oil price , industri analyst said . becau much of the crude oil in california field is thick , heavi and expen to extract , oil price would have to increa to near 1985 's level befor ani signif recoveri is seen in drill , they said . `` compani will probabl onli drill their best prospect , `` said john curti , an analyst with birr wilson secur inc. few new well now are be drill . onli 33 rig , about one-quart of the total avail , were drill for oil onshor in california last week , compar to about 70 last year , said bill bolster of munger oil inform servic , which track california drill activ . `` it 's in the dreg right now , `` said bolster of the state ' drill activ . current price are not enough to justifi increa drill , said ed malmgreen of the california independ produc associ . while an organ of petroleum export countri pact to curb product boost oil price earli thi year , price eventu fell . price for california 's marker grade , line 63 blend , have slump about 20 pct in the last month to 14 dlr from a high of about 17 dlr . more than half of california 's oil come from stripper well , those produc less than 10 barrel a day , and that much of that oil cost between 18 and 25 dlr a barrel to extract , malmgreen said . `` it 's not unusu for a stripper well to cost 18 dlr , `` malmgreen said . mani stripper well along the southern california coast produc eight time as much water as crude oil , and inland well frequent requir the use of steam inject to spur extract of the thick , heavi oil , he said . the outlook for futur product in california is cloud by a lack of exploratori drill now , analyst said . in the heart of california 's oil patch , kern counti , which produc about two-third of the state 's oil , exploratori drill ha slow to a crawl . onli 55 exploratori well were drill in kern counti in 1986 , compar to 137 in 1985 , accord to david mitchel of the state energi commiss . so far thi year onli five exploratori well have been drill . `` i do n't think they 'll even get to what they did last year , `` mitchel said . no pickup in exploratori drill is like for the rest of the decad , mitchel said . along with the fall in drill ha come a decrea in the number of produc well and over product . between februari and octob of 1986 , the number of produc oil well in california fell 14 pct to 43,521 from more than 50,000 , said bill guerard of the california energi commiss . in line with that decrea , california 's crude oil output fell about 10 pct last year due to low oil price and is expect to remain at that lower level , analyst said . between februari and octob 1986 , california 's crude oil product slip from an all-tim high of 1.185 mln barrel per day to 1.066 mln bpd , guerard said . total estim crude oil product in california for 1986 wa 408 mln bbl , compar with 424 mln bbl in 1985 and 405 mln bbl in 1983 , accord to the california depart of conserv . `` product in 1987 will probabl hold around 1986 level , `` guerard said .