swiss economi in excel condit , oecd say switzerland 's economi , combin low unemploy , financ stabil and a larg extern payment surplu , is in excel condit and face a satisfactori futur , the organi for econom cooper and develop , oecd , said . thi reflect the success of stabl and rel tight fiscal and monetari polici follow by the govern , it said . the oecd , in it annual report on switzerland , pick out some sign of a slowdown in activ and a slight pick-up in inflat thi year , but said these gave no cau for concern . the studi forecast a declin in gross domest product growth to 1.75 pct thi year from an estim two pct in 1986 and a small rise in consum price inflat to 1.25 pct after last year 's sharp fall to 0.75 pct from 3.6 pct in 1985. but it said job creation should continu to absorb a modest increa in the workforc , leav the unemploy rate unchang at around one pct , the lowest in the 24-industri nation oecd area . assum an averag exchang rate of 1.71 swiss franc to the dollar thi year , against 1.69 in the second half of 1986 , the report forecast a 2.75 pct rise in export and a 3.5 pct rise in import thi year after rise of 3.25 pct and 6.5 pct respect in 1986. the faster growth of import compar with export thi year and last , reflect buoyant privat consumpt , meant that the contribut of the foreign payment balanc to gdp would shrink in both year . but `` given switzerland 's larg extern surplu , there should be no concern if domest demand grow faster than gdp ... which , if onli in a small way , would contribut to improv intern balanc , `` the oecd said . real privat consumpt appear to have been unusu buoyant last year , with a 3.25 pct growth rate , after sever year of rel weak , it note . in 1987 privat consumpt wa expect to slow somewhat to a 2.25 pct growth rate , but should still outstrip over gdp , it ad . the outlook for invest in plant and machineri remain bright into 1987 , and with capac use at near record level last year there wa scope for rationali and moderni in both the industri and servic sector , it said . as a consequ , growth in machineri and equip invest is like to decel onli slightli thi year after vigor growth in 1986. but the report rai a questionmark over the prospect for tourism and the bank industri , two major servic sector earner of foreign exchang . the long-term appreci of the swiss franc , and the accel deregul of foreign bank market , could lead to a loss of intern market share for both , it said . particularli for the bank , `` recent develop in intern financ market give rise to the question whether the swiss financ system , which ha shown substanti flexibl in the past , is adapt itself at the speed requir ... to preserv it competit posit , `` it said .