viacom & lt ; via > merger expect in 60 to 90 day sumner redston , presid of nation amus , inc , predict he can win regulatori approv to wrap up the 3.4 billion dlr acquisit of viacom intern inc in 60 to 90 day . redston , 63 , catapult himself into the big leagu of entertain earli today when a group of viacom manag and their financi backer decid not to top nation 's bid . `` we 've had counsel work for some time in everi region where viacom ha cabl televison system '' redston told reuter in a telephon interview . redston also said `` viacom is commit to work veri close with us to obtain approv . '' viacom ha been seek approv for transfer of it broadcast licens and cabl system sinc septemb when it manag group first advanc a buyout plan . but redston turn the situat into a spirit bid contest which wa cap by the announc thi morn that viacom 's independ director on behalf of viacom enter into a defint merger agreement with nation . nation is a famili busi which oper a chain of movi theater . it is dwarf by viacom . redston said he wa weari after talk drag on through the night but also excit at the prospect of run a lead electron media compani . he note that the number of motion pictur admiss in the u.s. ha shown no growth in 15 year . of nine satellit televis channel oper by viacom , four are motion-pictur orient pay channel . redston said exclus contract with pay televis network are the emerg trend . `` up until recent you could see ani motion pictur on ani pay channel , '' redston said . he note viacom ha exclus agreement with two studio and plan to sign a deal with a third compani next month . redston said the manag group 's invest banker will be paid what is due for termin of it merger agreement . such fee could total about 30 mln dlr . `` that will be a compani expens , '' redston said . he said bankamerica & lt ; bac > corp ha had numer inquiri from lender who want to particip in a 2.25 billion dlr financ for the deal . bankamerica will provid 592 mln dlr . after the merger , viacom will be a subsidiari of nation but 17 pct of the compani will be in public hand .