british aid critic u.s.protection a senior british offici said that protectionist bill be consid by congress could trigger retali by the european commun ( eec ) and threaten the global trade system . paul channon , secretari for trade and industri , said if congress pass legisl to curb textil import , which would hit ec shipment as well as shipment from major asian textil produc , `` the commun would have to retali . '' hi comment echo those made yesterday by belgian trade minist herman de croo , who said if the bill pass , the commun would retali by impos tax on u.s. export . channon made hi remark at a news confer after two day of talk with reagan administr offici and member of congress . de croo wa also in washington for trade talk . channon said there wa a greater protection sentiment in congress sinc hi visit here last year as congress and the administr tri to find way to reduc the u.s. trade deficit , which last year hit a record 169.8 billion dlr . channon also call for greater ec-u.s. cooper to forc japan to open it market to foreign good . channon said japan 's trade surplu is caus everyon problem - it surplu with the unit state last year wa 51.5 billion dlr and with ec nation , 16.7 billion dlr . `` the more unit pressur there could be , the better , '' he said . channon also call for increas u.s.-ec cooper to avoid trade disput . he said the two side narrowli avoid a confront earlier thi year over lost grain sale when spain and portug join the commun and it liber import regul were tighten to conform to ec standard . `` but if both side drew back from the brink that time , '' he said , `` '' it doe not mean that they would do so on anoth occas . '' channon ad that `` there is increas reesent in europ over the u.s. tactic of negoti under the pressur of unilater impos deadlin . '' he said other potenti conflict are alreadi in sight - alleg european govern subsidi of airbu aircraft and tax on fat and oil - and `` the commuiti and the unit state must therefor learn to manag their relat better . '' he said anoth bill to let the unit state retali against a nation if that nation 's market wa not open to u.s. good would bypass the trade pact gatt ( gener agreeeement on tariff and trade ) as an arbit of trade practic . he said foreign trade law should be judg by gatt and not by the unit state , ad `` if the ( trade ) law is to be interpret by the unit state and not by the gatt , what is to happen to the rest of us ? ''