twa & lt ; twa > tangl piedmont & lt ; pie > situat tran world airlin inc complic the bid for piedmont aviat inc by offer either to buy piedmont suitor usair group or , altern , to merg with piedmont and usair . piedmont 's board wa meet today , and wall street specul the board wa discuss oppos bid from norfolk southern corp and usair . the twa offer wa announc shortli after the piedmont board meet wa schedul to begin . twa offer to buy usair for 52 dlr cash per share . it also said it wa the largest sharehold of usair and threaten to go directli to usair sharehold with an offer for 51 pct of the stock at a lower price . twa also said it believ it offer wa a better deal for usair sharehold than an acquisit of piedmont , but it said it altern would discuss a three-way combin of the airlin . market sourc and analyst specul that twa chairman carl icahn made the offer in order to put hi own airlin into the takeov arena . `` we 're just wonder if he 's not just tri to get twa into play . there 's specul on the street he just want to move onto somth els , '' said one arbitrag . `` we think twa might just be put up a trial balloon . '' analyst said the offer must be taken serious by usair , but that the airlin will probabl reject it becaus the price is rel low compar to other airlin deal . they also said icahn must prove hi offer credibl by reveal financ arrang . `` they need to show their commit and their abil to financ . i think it 's a credibl offer , '' said timothi pette , a bear stearn analyst . `` i think it 's certainli on the low end of rel valu of airlin deal , '' said pette . pette estim 58 dlr would be in a more reason rang base on other airlin merger . usair stock soar after twa made public it offer . a spokesman for usair declin comment , and said usair had not chang it offer for piedmont . usair offer of buy 50 pct of that airlin 's stock for 71 dlr cash per share and the balanc for 73 dlr per share in usair stock . usair close up 5-3/8 at 49-1/8 on volum of 1.9 mln share . piedmont , which slip 1/2 to close at 69-5/8 , also remain silent on the twa action . piedmont ha an outstand 65 dlr cash per share offer from norfolk southern corp. norfolk southern declin comment , but said it stuck with it offer for piedmont . norfolk own about 20 pct of piedmont and open the bid when it said it would propos a takeov of piedmont . some analyst said icahn may be tri to acquir usair to make hi own airlin a more attract takeov target . `` icahn i think had want to sell hi airlin and there were no taker . i think the strategi might have call for make hi invest more attract . one way to accomplish that specif object is to go out and acquir other airlin , '' said andrew kim of eberstadt fleme . `` i do n't know whose go to buy them , but at least thi way it becom a much more viabl packag , '' said kim . but icahn 's financ abil for such a transact remain in doubt , in part becaus of twa 's heavi debt load . wall street sourc said twa ha some cash with which to do the offer . the sourc said icahn ha not line up outsid financi advis and plan to make hi own arrang . icahn earlier thi year abandon plan to buy usx corp & lt ; x > and still retain 11 pct of that compani 's stock . some wall street sourc said the financi 's usx plan wa impact by the cloud hang over hi advis , drexel burnham lambert inc , becaus of wall street 's insid trade scandal . industri sourc also predict usair might reject the twa offer on price and financ concern . `` it 's litter with conting and it doe n't even have a financ arrang , '' said one execut at anoth major airlin . but the execut conced a merg twa-usair would be a strong contend with usair 's east coast rout system and plan west coast presenc from psa . usair could feed the intenr flight of twa , which ha a midwest presenc in it st. loui hub . ad piedmont , domin in the southeast , to the mix would develop an even stronger forc . the combin entiti would also have twa 's par reserv system . such a merger would be complex and analyst said it would result in an airlin iwth an 18 pct market share .