allis-chalm & lt ; ah > propo restructur allis-chalm corp said it ask lender and other group to approv a restructur plan that would cau a dilut of the compani 's exist common stock . the compani said it would sell all of it busi other than the american air filter busi , make a public financ of more than 100 mln dlr and pay part of the current outstand debt with the proce . under the plan , which wa present to institut lender , the compani 's union and the pension benefit guaranti corp , `` substanti amount `` of institut debt would be convert to common stock of the restructur compani . allis-chalm said it will exchang exist prefer stock for common . the exchang of the institut debt and prefer stock for common equiti will cau a `` result dilut of the exist common stock , `` allis-chalm said in a statement . under the plan , holder of exist common would hold about 15 pct of the restructur common stock . holder of exist prefer would hold about 35 pct of the new common . allis-chalm said it onli altern to the plan is bankruptci . the restructur must be approv by creditor , common and prefer holder , and present and former employ . allis-chalm said a bankruptci file `` appear to repr the compani 's onli altern if agreement upon the term of the plan can not be reach . `` the spokesman said in respon to an inquiri that he wa not awar of ani extraordinari charg against earn that would result from the restructur . `` it is too earli to talk about a charg `` becau the plan must still be approv by the lender and union , he said . also under the plan , payment to allis-chalm ' privat lender would be defer . trade payabl and oblig incur in the ordinari cour of busi will be met . payment of health benefit for activ and retir employ would be made `` at substanti reduc level . `` allis-chalm , onc one of the lead farm equip compani , sold all of it farm equip oper to deutz of west germani for 107 mln dlr , leav the compani with busi in lift truck , air condit , fluid handl and solid materi process . last year , allis-chalm sold the lift truck busi to ac materi handl co of columbu , ohio . under the restructur plan , allis-chalm will sell it solid materi process and fluid handl busi . solid materi process , which make equip to crush stone for highway construct , account for 288 mln dlr of allis-chalm 's total 1985 revenu of 886 mln dlr . the compani will also sell it fluid handl oper , which make pump and valv . that busi account for 196 mln dlr of the compani 's 1985 revenu . allis-chalm in 1986 report a net loss of 8.6 mln dlr , or 1.09 dlr a share . in 1985 , the compani lost 168.4 mln dlr , or 12.27 dlr a share . the compani 's last profit wa in 1980 , when it earn 52.4 mln dlr on sale of 2.1 billion dlr .