german econom outlook seen fairli bright the outlook for the west german economi is rel bright , with gross nation product expect to expand by three pct thi year , kiel univ 's institut for world economi said . the gnp forecast by the institut , one of five lead econom research bodi in west germani , is more optimist than that of the other institut , some of which have recent reduc their gnp forecast to between two and 2.5 pct . in a report the kiel institut said west germani 's export outlook ha not deterior fundament despit the mark ' strength against the dollar and other major currenc . `` the danger that export will slump in 1987 appear , all in all , limit , `` the report said . `` on the contrari , a slight rise in export can be expect . `` the institut said past experi ha shown west german export will move to counterb currenc factor by cut cost , tri to penetr new market and adjust their product rang . they will be aid in 1987 by an expect slight rise in econom growth in industri countri . at the same time , the declin in export to oil produc countri look set to slow thi year . west german gnp growth in 1987 will be led by renew advanc in domest consumpt and invest spend , both of which will in turn be buoy by an expansionari monetari polici , the institut said . howev , it said the labour market would see onli a slight improv becau compani will be reluct to hire addit worker due to higher labour cost cau partli by agr reduct in work hour . the institut caution that the expansionari stanc of monetari polici in west germani wa like to bring a mark accel of inflat . it also warn that what it call the worldwid synchron of monetari polici heighten the risk of a new global recess . it said central bank in industri countri , includ the bundesbank , had follow the feder reserv board 's expansionari cour . the institut said thi in turn wa bound to lead eventu to a rise in worldwid inflat and a shift in u.s. polici toward a more restrict polici . other central bank were like to follow suit , cau a recess that could aggrav the debt crisi of develop countri as well as increa protect around the world . although germani can not entir shield itself from the neg effect of the global synchron of monetari polici , it should do all it can to strengthen the forc of growth at home . the institut said thi could be done by ensur that fiscal polici foster a will to work and invest . tax should be cut by a greater amount than current plan , and wage increa in 1987 and 1988 should be markedli lower than in 1986. it also said the bundesbank should reduc inflationari pressur by cut the current rate of growth in money suppli to about four pct .