french intervent rate cut like , dealer say the bank of franc is like to cut it money market intervent rate by up to a quarter point at the start of next week . thi follow a steadi declin in the call money rate over the past 10 day and signal from the financ ministri that the time is ripe for a fall , dealer said . the call money rate peak at just abov nine pct ahead of the meet of financ minist from the group of five industri countri and canada on februari 22 , which restor consider stabil to foreign exchang after sever week of turbul . the call money rate drop to around 8-3/8 pct on februari 23 , the day after the pari accord , and then edg steadili down to eight pct on februari 27 and 7-3/4 pct on march 3 , where it ha now stabilis . dealer said the bank of franc interven to absorb liquid to hold the rate at 7-3/4 pct . while call money ha drop by well over a percentag point , the bank of franc 's money market intervent rate ha remain unchang sinc januari 2 , when it wa rais to eight pct from 7-1/4 pct in a bid to stop a franc slide . the seven-day repurchas rate ha also been unchang at 8-3/4 sinc it wa rais by a half-point on januari 5. the bank of franc ha begun use the seven-day repurchas rate to set an upper indic for money market rate , while use the intervent rate to set the floor . sourc close to financ minist edouard balladur said that he would be happi to see an interest rate cut , and dealer said ani fall in the intervent rate wa most like to come when the bank of franc buy first categori paper next monday , although an earlier cut could not be exclud . a cut in the seven-day repurchas rate could come as earli as tomorrow morn , bank sourc said . they said recent high interest rate have encourag an acceler in foreign fund return to franc , discourag the author from make a hasti rate cut . but they also point out that money suppli is broadli back on target , give scope for a small fall in rate . m-3 money suppli , the govern 's key aggreg , finish 1986 within the govern 's three to five pct growth target , rise 4.6 pct compar with seven pct in 1985 .