fall soybean crush ratio cut output the sharp declin in soybean crush ratio seen in the last few week , acceler in recent day , ha push margin below the cost of product at most soybean process plant and prompt mani to cut output of soybean meal and oil . the weekli u.s. soybean crush rate wa report by the nation soybean processor associ thi afternoon at 21.78 mln bushel , down from the 22 mln bushel plu rate seen over the past two month when crush margin surg to the best level seen in over a year . activ soymeal export load at the gulf had push soybean futur and premium higher , prompt a pick-up in the weekli crush number . howev , much of that export demand seem to have been met , with most foreign meal user now wait for the expect surg in shipment of new crop south american soymeal over the next few month . u.s. processor are now find domest livestock feed demand is veri light for thi time of year due to the milder than normal winter , so they steadili drop offer price in an attempt to find buy interest , soyproduct dealer said . soybean meal futur have also steadili declin in recent week , set a new contract low of 139.70 dlr per ton in the nearbi march contract today . `` mani specul down here bought march soymeal and sold may , look for no deliveri ( on first notic day tomorrow , which would caus march to gain on defer ) , '' one cbt crush trader said . `` but they 've been bail out thi week becaus the march ha been act like there will be a lot deliv , if not tomorrow , then later in the month , '' he ad . as a result of the weak in soymeal , the march crush ratio ( the valu of soyproduct less the cost of the soybean ) fell from the mid 30 earlier thi month to 22.6 cent per bushel today , drop over five cent in just the last two day . the may crush end today just over 17 cent , so no processor will want to lock in a ratio at that unprofit level , the trader said . hope , they will now start to cut back product to get suppli in line with demand , he ad . with futur down , processor are find they must bid premium for cash soybean , further reduc crush margin . a central illinoi processor is onli make about 30 cent for everi bushel of soybean crush at current price , down sharpli from level just seen just a few week ago and below the averag cost of product , cash dealer said . most soybean process plant are still in oper , with littl talk of take temporari down-tim , so far . but processor will start halt product in the next few week it they continu to face unprofit margin , they ad .