royal dutch/shel u.s. earn sharpli lower royal dutch/shel group & lt ; rd.a > earn for 1986 from the u.s. fell sharpli becau of difficult market condit , lower crude and ga price and also due to differ account method , shell chairman peter holm said . the shell oil dollar net incom fell 47 pct in the year , while the addit effect of currenc movement reduc the contribut to group net incom by 57 pct to 472 mln stg . the group earlier report a drop in net incom for the year to 2.54 billion stg from 3.03 billion previou , with lower crude price outweigh the effect of increa sale by volum . although the figur were lower , they were nonetheless at the top end of market forecast . shell transport and trade plc & lt ; sc.l > share , the u.k. arm of the group , rose to 11.39 stg from a close last night of 11.06 stg . analyst note that a gener collap in explor and product volum wa partial offset by earn from chemic rise to 462 mln stg from 205 mln in 1985. also , a windfal tax credit and lower than expect currenc loss had ad about 100 mln stg onto fourth quarter result , which wa the main reason for the figur exceed forecast , industri analyst chri rowland of barclay de zoet wedd note . howev , he ad there could well be a sharp fall in perform in the first quarter of 1987 , due to the improb that the group would be abl to repeat the high refin and market margin of first quarter 1986. the impact of recov oil price would come through faster on the downstream side than on the upstream as such a high proport of upstream activ centr on ga , which typic react to oil price chang with about a half-year lag , analyst said . holm said that in the upstream u.s. sector the third quarter of 1986 had been the worst of all . onli two of the oil major had manag to make a profit in the period , with shell oil be one of them . the decrea in u.s. earn had been accentu by tax rate but the group had increa share to becom volum market leader , holm ad . continu low crude oil price would continu to subdu u.s. explor activ . `` explor is current pretti flat . we are go to go on , but at 16-18 dlr there will be no massiv upturn , `` he said . a renew of explor in high cost area of the north sea and the u.s. requir price of around 25 dlr a barrel . ultim thi would lead to a rise in u.s. import . `` if you are not explor you are not go to find anyth , `` he note . u.s. oil product had drop some half mln barrel a day ( bbd ) in 1986 and would continu to fall if the price stay below 20 dlr a barrel . thi favor opec 's attempt to stabili price , as the lower the price the more likelihood there wa of non-opec margin product shut down . `` opec ha done pretti extraordinarili well ... everyth is move in ( it ) direct , `` he ad .