banker welcom spanish reserv requir hike banker welcom the bank of spain' decis to rais the reserv requir for bank and save bank , say it reflect the socialist government' determin not to eas up in the fight against inflat despit the pain social effect of four year of auster . the central bank last night rais the requir by one percentag point to 19 pct from march 13 , say that excess liquid threaten money suppli and inflat target . banker said the move repres a chang of tactic by the bank , which until now ha reli on rais interest rate to choke off money suppli growth . `` i think it 's a good measur , '' a senior foreign banker said . `` it 's a faster way to get the job done than use interest rate and avoid unpleas effect on other area of the economi . '' `` it show that the polit will is veri strong . they know that control inflat will make industri more competit and bring down unemploy in the long run , '' he ad . the head of anoth foreign bank said that onli a month ago , the bank of spain had dismiss hi suggest of a rise in reserv requir , prefer to pursu it strategi of rais interest rate . but banker said the high real interest rate on offer now -- around eight pct for overnight fund -- wa attract money from abroad , strengthen the peseta and make spanish export less competit . the govern say industri 's competit is also be hit hard by inflat . at 8.3 pct last year , the rate wa way abov that of spain 's major trade partner in the european commun , which it join a year ago . to help meet thi year 's target of five pct , it is insist pay rise stay at that level , set the stage for clash with trade union , who say they have made enough sacrific . demonstr by worker , student and farmer , whose demand essenti involv more govern spend , have becom an almost daili occurr . but prime minist felip gonzalez insist that the state is do as much as it can . banker said the reserv requir increas could have some impact on commerci lend rate but should not hit the money market too hard . the bank of spain , which onli yesterday rais it key overnight call money rate to 13.5 pct , left it unchang at today 's auction . the rate ha been increas nine time sinc the start of the year , when it wa below 12 pct . banker said commerci lend rate were set to rise in ani case with the end of the six pct maximium interest rate bank can offer for time deposit of up to six month . the measur will take effect tomorrow , follow the public of the decre in today 's offici gazett . banker say the liberalis will increas the cost of fund and , inevit , push lend rate higher . a companion measur , reduc the proport of fund which bank must invest in specif area , also take effect tomorrow . offici said when the cut wa approv last month that it wa aim partli at compens bank for higher interest rate .