brazil ha no set coffe export target - ibc brazil ha no set target for it coffe export follow thi week 's breakdown of intern coffe organ talk on export quota , presid of the brazilian coffe institut , ibc , jorio dauster said . he told a press confer brazil now had to reconsid it export plan and that the 15.5 mln bag export figur which it had propos for itself earlier should no longer be taken as the countri 's export target to ico-memb countri . the 15.5 mln bag offer had been made on the assumpt an agreement would bring stabil to world market , he ad . it had been a gestur to eas negoti , but the lack of an agreement leav it no longer valid and export could be abov or below 15.5 mln bag , he said . dauster said he would talk to produc , export and market analyst befor take ani decis on export polici , but ani futur polici would be flexibl and adjust to market condit . `` we will not take ani short-term decis which might caus market to panic , '' dauster ad . he said it would be a polici which show brazil ha coffe to sell and that it could do so without an ico agreement . `` brazil ha coffe ( to sell ) and want to show that it doe not need an ico agreement as a crutch , '' dauster said . comment on the breakdown of the talk , dauster said consum propos would have impli a reduct of one to two mln bag in brazil 's export quota . `` it wa a propos which would lead to a substanti loss for brazil and which would be difficult for the countri to recov , '' he said . the consum propos to base quota on a six-year move averag of export product surplus would lead to overproduct as countri boost output to win higher quota , he said . dauster reject report which said brazil 's inflex had been the caus for the breakdown of talk , note that it stanc had the back of 85 pct of produc countri . close link would continu with these produc , particularli colombia , mexico and francophon african countri , but dauster said no joint market action wa envisag at present . he also said brazil current had no plan to return to a system of roaster buy contract , although `` no hypothesi ha been abandon . '' dauster said he had not yet decid when registr for may shipment coffe will be open . he declin comment on whether the ibc will adopt a polici of open registr for up to six month in advanc , as some export had suggest . he note export registr for the first four month of the year total around 5.5 mln bag , more than half the 9.9 mln export in 1986 when drought reduc the crop to between 11.2 mln and 12 mln bag . he said that , although he had heard forecast of 30 mln bag for the come crop , the ibc would not make ani estim until late april .