opec say februari output under ceil opec output in februari wa `` well below '' the 15.8 mln bpd ceil it set in decemb and all countri are strictli adher to their quota , the opec news agenc opecna quot an opec secretariat offici as say . the offici wa quot as say that lower output wa the result `` of member countri ' firm determin to defend the organis 's offici price of 18 dlr per barrel , and to refrain from sell ani quantiti below that price . '' the unnam offici wa further quot as say that no opec meet wa foreseen befor the next biannual opec session plan to start on june 25. the offici gave no figur for februari output . the statement said onli that `` the reduct in total suppli , name actual export of crude oil and product , plu local deliveri in member countri , is even more pronounc as those suppli fell veri notic dure that month . '' `` no matter what the pressur on member countri by lifter to align the offici sell price to the ongo market price , member countri are , without except , strictli adher to the offici sell price in spite of the financi hardship thi may entail , '' the statement said . `` the veri recent improv in the price structur is an indic of such determin by the organ to stick to the offici sell price , '' the statement said . free spot market price rose from around 14.50 dlr a barrel in earli decemb last year to near opec 's offici level toward the end of the year , after the opec pact . there ha been oil industri specul that opec might have to hold an extraordinrari meet prior to it schedul june session to discuss report of overproduct by some state and strain on the differenti matrix , which price each opec crude accord to it qualiti and distanc from main market . the offici said in the statement that no such emerg session wa schedul `` becaus of member countri ' firm determin to defend the price ( system ) '' agre in decemb . opec '' s differenti committe wa to have met in vienna start april 2 but thi session ha been postpon , with no new date set , accord to an offici of the unit arab emir , which chair the seven-st bodi . other member are algeria , kuwait , saudi arabia , libya , nigeria and qatar .