dutch growth like to slow , jobless rise in 1987 leak of a major dutch offici econom forecast due to be publish on monday indic reduc econom growth and a renew rise in unemploy thi year , polit and market sourc say . concern over an anticip fall in dutch competit thi year against a background of an averag 2-1/2 pct wage increa , zero inflat and a firm guilder ha trigger some call for a chang in monetari polici to help boost growth . but whatev the govern 's respon , the central bank will stick to it polici of keep the guilder firm , they say . the offici forecast agenc centraal planbureau ( cpb ) publish it 1987 outlook at the start of a week which will also see a key parliamentari debat on govern financ and the economi . merchant bank pierson , heldr en pierson - in an estim reflect gener sentiment - said last month that dutch econom growth wa now seen around one pct . domest consum spend is not expect to offset the declin in export growth cau by slow growth in west germani , the main dutch trade partner , and the lower dollar , pierson said in it februari econom outlook . the latest growth forecast are well below a 1.5 to two pct growth figur seen by the cpb earli last month and forecast of 2.5 pct econom growth in 1987 made last septemb . the fall in unemploy is bottom out and the govern ha alreadi admit it will not meet it goal of reduc unemploy by an annual 50,000 from 1986 to 1990. some analyst and industri leader have question central bank polici of peg the guilder firmli to the mark and if necessari keep interest rate up to support the guilder . employ feder ncw chairman fred lemper critici the guilder 's revalu in line with the west german mark in last januari 's european monetari system ( em ) realign and express concern over it effect on competit . but the employ feder vno note the dutch economi had becom more competit sinc 1980 and the fall of the dollar wa affect thi gain more than the em realign . some analyst also question the central bank 's deci not to copi the latest bundesbank discount rate cut and instead lower money market rate and abolish a credit quota surcharg . central bank presid wim duisenberg ha defend the move say the bank had adjust the rate with the most impact on the money market , note `` the ( 4.5 pct ) discount rate is at the moment not the most import dutch rate becau it is alreadi far below the market rate . `` central bank offici say the heavi depend on trade of the dutch economi requir a stabl exchang rate , and interest rate polici serv that goal . analyst note a larg capit outflow from the netherland recent as foreign invest in dutch stock are be sold to take profit . loosen the tie between the guilder and the mark would reduc intern confid in the guilder and make it more dificult to attract foreign capit , they said , note dutch interest rate rose sharpli when the guilder wa not revalu complet in line with the mark in a 1983 em realign . mani dutch bank have react favour to the deci not to copi the last german discount rate cut , but pierson warn it could actual add to uncertainti over the guilder . some analyst note friction between the financ ministri and the central bank , with financ minist onno rude have said befor the bundesbank discount rate cut he favour lower dutch rate but that the german should move first . one analyst said rude want to bring interest rate down to reduc the govern debt burden . a financ ministri spokesman said lower interest rate were need but deni ani suggest of conflict view between the ministri and the central bank . `` the cabinet 's polici is steadi , the guilder ha to stay with the mark , `` he said .