bank of england resist pressur for rate cut the bank of england again fought against money and bond market pressur for a pre-budget interest rate cut , leav the pound to take the strain with a further rise in it trade-weight index to a six-month high . it close at it best level sinc septemb 12 , at 71.4 pct of it 1975 valu on the index , as foreign investor continu to buy into a currenc which offer high rel return and the possibl of short-term capit gain , dealer said . meanwhil , opinion is divid over whether the bank can stop a cut befor budget day , march 17 , and whi it should want to . the bank 's latest strong signal to the market that it want rate to stay steadi for the moment came in midafternoon , when it lent to the discount hou at a penal rate of 11-3/4 pct to reliev a money market shortag . `` they 're realli make the discount hou suffer , `` said stephen lewi , economist at brokerag hou phillip and drew . `` eleven and three-quart pct is way abov money market rate . `` thi money market signal wa appar not accompani by ani sterl sale on the foreign exchang , talk of which had inhibit strong rise yesterday and tuesday , so buyer came strongli into the pound . the pound surg to a high of 1.5798/808 dlr at the london close , up from the previou finish at 1.5650/60 , and 2.8900/60 mark , up from 2.8720/50 . `` if thi pressur keep up ... there is a possibl that rate could drop befor the budget , `` said jeremi hale , economist at financ hou goldman sach intern corp. some gilt trader are forecast a half-point cut in the base rate from the current 11 pct as earli as tomorrow . howev , analyst said the bank of england will need to be convinc that the present rise is a fundament re-rat rather than a result of short-term specul gain . there are valid reason for the bank to be cautiou , said peter fellner , u.k. economist at broker jame capel and co. market have becom highli optimist about the chanc of a conserv parti victori in ani earli gener elect , and disappoint if prime minist margaret thatcher decid to hold back could lead to a declin in the pound and a setback for bond , fellner said . an elect could be delay until mid-1988 , but most forecast say it will be thi year . other note that the pound could yet prove vulner to oil price loss or a chang of fortun for the dollar . howev , analyst agr the bank is larg tri to set the time of a cut than hold out against one altogeth . the author tradit prefer a singl sustain rate move , one way or the other , to half point here and there . some add the bank will be influenc by sign that at least a proport of the latest bout of sterl buy is long-term capit come into the london market , notabl from japan . they argu that the pound is be perceiv as a safer bet than the dollar , given the latter recent sharp fall and current polit upheav in washington . the bank may want to see anoth few point on the trade-weight index befor the budget , argu lewi . `` but by then sterl should be firm enough to satisfi even the bank of england , `` he ad . the bank declin to comment on it reason for resist pressur for a rate move befor the budget , but bank sourc said the author see the recent rise in sterl as more than just mark up by foreign exchang trader . meanwhil , analyst note the market ignor potenti harm news on the trade front , today 's figur show that the current account deficit in 1986 wa 1.1 billion stg . thi wa abov previou estim of the current account deficit and compar with a surplu of 2.9 billion stg in 1985. fellner said that under more normal condit thi would have given the bond and currenc market a pau , but that they were too bullish to worri about such fundament . the guess game over the time of a cut ha the clear bank divid as well as the market . privat , some bank offici forecast the bank will hold out at least for thi week , but at least one bank say a rise is possibl tomorrow . if a move come befor march 17 , forecast are for a half-point cut , with anoth half or full point about budget day .