hugh tool & lt ; ht > say baker & lt ; bko > merger aliv hugh tool co chairman w.a . kistler said it counter propos to merg with baker intern corp wa still under consider and that a merger wa in the best interest of both compani . `` our hope is that we can come to a mutual agreement that is good for both compani , '' kistler said of the propos merger that would result in a 1.2 billion dlr oil field servic compani . `` we 're work veri hard on thi merger . '' hugh ' board today again adjourn a sharehold meet to vote on the propos merger and reschedul it for march 11 to give baker more time to consid the counter propos . the hugh board , which had previous express concern about a u.s. depart of justic consent decre that would requir baker to sell it drill bit oper and submers pump busi , met yesterday and threaten to termin the propos merger . the hugh board made a counter propos that the two compani first find accept buyer for the busi befor sign the decre . the director of baker immedi after receiv the counter propos file a law suit in texa in a texa state court to forc to hugh to complet the merger . `` the uncertainti as to the price and condit that might be impos by the depart of justic make us veri nervou about what the outcom might be , '' kistler said , in explain whi hugh had made the counter propos . `` we need addit time to understand whi baker did not accept our propos . '' kistler also said that the law suit file by baker `` wa not a factor '' in the board 's decis to keep it merger propos on the tabl . he declin to comment on the alleg in the lawsuit . kistler said hugh would be will to consid a compromis counter propos , but declin to be more specif . the justic depart in januari said it would block the hugh and baker merger on anti-trust ground unless both compani agre to sign a consent decre that would provid for the sale of the asset after the merger took place . the hugh board said it would not sign the decre becaus it wa too `` unreason . '' hugh said that baker should instead complet the sale of the disput asset befor the merger is final and given govern approv . under the decre , if baker is unabl to find accept buyer within a specifi period of time after the decre is approv , a feder truste would becom respons for find a buyer . kistler said that under those term , the truste could take up to 10 year to complet the sale . he also express concern that the combin compani might be requir by the govern 's condit to licens some of it technolog to ani purchas of the asset . baker said last night in a statement that the requir asset to be sold would reduc revenu by about 65 mln dlr , repres about three pct of the revenu of the combin compani .