produc split heat up coff quota talk talk on the possibl of reintroduc global coff export quota have been extend into today , with spark fli yesterday when a dissid group of export wa not includ in a key negoti forum . the special meet of the intern coff organ ( ico ) council wa call to find a way to stop a prolong slide in coff price . howev , deleg said no solut to the question of how to implement quota wa yet in sight . world coff export quota -- the major devic use to regul coff price under the intern coff agreement -- were suspend a year ago when price soar in reaction to a drought which cut brazil `` s output by nearli two third . brazil is the world `` s largest coff produc and export . produc and consum now are face off over the question of how quota should be calcul under ani futur quota distribut scheme , deleg said . temper flare late saturday when a minor group of eight produc countri wa not repr in a contact group of five produc and five consum deleg plu altern which wa set up to facilit debat . the big produc `` want to have the ball onli in their court and it isn `` t fair , `` minor produc spokesman lui escal of costa rica said . the major produc group ha propo resum quota april 1 , use the previou ad hoc method of carv up quota share , with a promi to tri to negoti basic quota befor septemb 30 , deleg said . their plan would perpetu the statu quo , allow brazil to retain almost all of it current 30 pct share of the export market , colombia 17 pct , ivori coast seven pct and indonesia six pct , with the rest divid among smaller export . but consum countri and the dissid produc group have tabl separ propo requir quota be determin by avail , use a formula incorpor export product and stock statist . their propo would give brazil a smaller quota share and colombia and indonesia a larger share , and bring a new quota distribut scheme into effect now rather than later . brazil ha so far been unwil to accept ani propo that would reduc it quota share , deleg said . deleg would not specul on prospect for agreement on a quota packag . `` anyth is possibl at thi phase , `` even adjourn of the meet until march or april , one said . if the ico doe agr on quota , the price of coff on the supermarket shelf is not like to chang sinnificantli as a result , industri sourc said . retail coff price over the past year have remain about steadi even though coff market price have tumbl , so an upsw probabl will not be pass onto the consum either , they said .