new currenc problem seen among u. , europ , japan the highli visibl drama involv the yen 's sharp rise against the u.s. dollar is obscur the fact that the japan currenc ha hardli budg against major european currenc , thu creat a new set of exchang rate distort , japan and european research offici said . the offici , look beneath the rhetor of statement by the group of five ( g-5 ) industri nation , told reuter the currenc movement of the past two year are also creat a fundament new world trade pictur , which is throw up new trade tension and imbal . trade figur show that the new currenc align are alreadi chang the japan-u.s. trade axi into a japan- european commun ( ec ) axi , to the discomfort of europ . in mani way , not least in term of rare intern cooper , the septemb , 1985 new york plaza pact between the u.s. , japan , west germani , britain and franc to cut down the valu of the dollar wa a histor one . but it is the underli peak and trough of the major currenc movement which lay bare the real pictur , in which the plaza pact appear as an event of prime import , but not necessarili central signif , the offici said . the offici said that when the plaza agreement took place , the dollar wa alreadi on it way down . the agreement simpli help it on it way . senior ec financ expert in tokyo toma de hora ha watch the movement close . `` you have to look at the dollar 's peak compar with now , and that wa well befor plaza , `` he said . on februari 25 , 1985 , the dollar peak against the yen at 263.15 yen . on septemb 20 , the friday befor plaza , it wa 242. sinc then , despit massiv bank of japan interv and period market fright about further g-5 concert action , the dollar trend ha been down , down , down . yet the ecu is now around 173.4 yen . the histor cross rate for sterl and the mark tell much the same stori . the european currenc are move back up against the yen . the close relationship between exchang rate and trade flow make it difficult to see which is drive which , but undoubtedli the trade equat between the big three is chang . in 1986 , japan import and export with the ec both grew by around 50 pct in dollar term , five pct in yen . thi gave japan a 16 billion dlr trade surplu . last januari , japan export to the ec total half of of sale to the u. , against about a third in recent year . trade with the u. in 1986 rose 23 pct for export and 12 pct for import in dollar term , but fell 13 pct for export and 21 pct for import in yen term . `` the basic mean for europ is that japan firm have a tremend interest in export to europ , where everi unit sold maximi profit in yen term , which is what is import to them . suddenli , instead of the u.s. , it is europ that is lay the golden egg , `` said de hora . the ec is worri . ec busi also had a remark year in japan sale , but thi can be explain partli due to it start from a small base , compar with total japan-u.s. trade . the japan think ec firm are now more competit than u.s. firm , a factor which is aggrav the exchang rate imbal , and which will cau problem . `` thi currenc align between japan and the ec is reflect the excel perform of the ec countri . but therefor , japan good may keep their price competit edg , `` said azusa hayashi , director of the first intern econom affair divi of the foreign ministri . `` if you want my object view , i do n't expect a drastic improv in our trade imbal . last year , we ask for moder in export , and thi year we may have to do so again , `` he said . reuter ...