talk point/piedmont & lt ; pie > carl icahn 's bold takeov bid for usair group & lt ; u > ha cloud the fate of piedmont aviat inc , which wa be court by usair . yesterday , icahn 's transworld airlin inc & lt ; twa > made a 1.4 billion dlr offer for usair group . the move complic a usair takeov offer for piedmont , which wa believ to be close to accept the bid . today , usair reject icahn 's 52 dlr per share offer and said the bid wa a last-minut effort to interf in it takeov of piedmont . icahn wa unavail for comment . piedmont fell one to 68-5/8 on volum of 963,000. twa wa off 3/8 to 31-1/2 . usair fell 1-3/8 to 47-3/4 as doubt spread it would be taken over . analyst and market sourc view the twa bid as an attempt to either trigger a counter offer from usair or to attract a suitor who might want both airlin onc they merg . `` the next move is either icahn start a tender offer or piedmont and usair announc a deal , `` specul one arbitrag . some arbitrag said there is now some risk in the current price of piedmont sinc it is not clear that usair 's bid will succeed . piedmont 's largest sharehold and other suitor , norfolk southern corp & lt ; nsc > ha offer 65 dlr per share for the compani . usair offer 71 dlr cash per share for half of piedmont stock , and 73 dlr per share in stock for the balanc . some arbitrag , howev , believ the depress price of piedmont offer a buy opportun sinc the airlin is destin to be acquir by someon . usair , they said , is the least like to be bought . icahn , who ha long talk about further consolid in the airlin industri , also offer usair the altern of a three-way airlin combin , includ twa and piedmont . but wall street ha given littl credibl to icahn ' offer , which lack financ and wa riddl with cont . still , he ha succeed in hold up a merger of two airlin - both of which analyst said would fit well with twa . `` you ca n't discount him , `` said one arbitrag . analyst , howev , said icahn would have to prove he is seriou by follow through with hi threat or make a new offer . in make the offer for usair , icahn threaten to go directli to sharehold for 51 pct of the stock at a lower price if usair reject hi offer . `` it 's clear icahn want to sell and he 's bluf , `` said one arbitrag . analyst said the 52 dlr per share offer wa underpr by about six dlr per share . some analyst believ icahn 's propo three-way airlin combin might face insurmount regulatori hurdl , but other believ it could be clear if the compani are acquir separ . `` twa would have to be the surviv compani for the deal to work , `` said one analyst . analyst said such a merger would be costli and complic . twa ha the best cost structur , sinc icahn succeed in win concess from it union . in order for the other carrier to come down to twa 's wage scale in a merger , twa would have to be the surviv entiti , analyst said . such a move doe not necessarili free icahn of twa , they said . they said he show skill in reduc ozark airlin ' cost when he merg it into twa last year , and he might be a necessari ingredi for a merger to work . howev , other analyst specul the manag of piedmont and usair would not toler icahn as head of a new compani . they said a usair acquisit of twa might be a way for him to exit the compani if usair 's airlin is then merg into twa .