hugh & lt ; ht > chang stanc on merger after suit a one billion dlr lawsuit push hugh tool co into an about-fac on it reject of a propos merger with baker intern corp & lt ; bko > , wall street analyst said . last night , hugh said the plan merger with baker wa off . baker then file a suit seek punit damag from hugh for call off the merger . at midday today hugh said it wa still interest in the merger . the analyst also said hugh may be worri that it troubl could make it a takeov candid . there wa specul today that harold simmon , the dalla investor , might tri to acquir hugh , but simmon told reuter he is not interest . simmon said he intend to file a 13-d with the secur and exchang monday report a stake of five pct or more in some publicli trade compani . he declin to identifi the target other than to rule out hugh . one analyst said anoth factor in the latest hugh turnabout wa borg-warn corp & lt ; bor > , which own 18.5 pct of hugh . borg-warn ex-chairman j.f . bere , who serv on the hugh board , is believ to favor the merger with baker . despit the hugh statement that it is interest in a merger , and baker 's respons that a merger is still possibil , analyst said no one could be certain where the situat wa go . `` i think the merger is not go through , '' said phil pace , analyst at kidder , peabodi and co. he said the merger `` lost a lot of it appeal '' when the u.s. depart of justic requir that baker sell off it reed tool co oper . although the reed oper is rel small in view of the total size of a combin baker-hugh , pace said `` 30 to 40 pct of the cost save are tie up in that . '' `` they ( hugh ) are obvious concern about the lawsuit , '' said jame crandel , analyst at salomon brother inc. `` appar they are will to continu discuss but whether they will alter their posit , i do n't know . `` it 's get a littl confus , '' said jame carrol , analyst at painewebb group inc. he said the argument cite by hugh yesterday for not do the merger `` tend to be weak . '' hugh said yesterday that as a condit of the merger it want reed tool and other busi sold prior to april 22 , the project merger date . a govern decre allow a longer period of time . hugh contend it wa better to formal combin the compani with the statu of reed alreadi settl . baker appar see no reason to speed up the sale . carrol said baker had previous estim 110 to 130 mln dlr in save if the compani were combin without sell reed . but he said baker now think 75 to 85 mln dlr will be save while hugh see a save of onli 50 to 60 mln dlr . carrol also note that sinc the merger accord wa first sign `` the outlook for the industri ha improv materi . '' hugh may simpli feel the pressur on the oil servic industri is lift .