chemlawn & lt ; chem > reject wast 's & lt ; wmx > offer chemlawn corp said it board reject wast manag inc 's 27 dlr-per-shar tender offer and urg it sharehold not to tender their share . chemlawn said it board ask manag and it financ advisor , smith barney , harri upham and co inc , to seek other purcha of the compani to maxim sharehold valu . chemlawn also said it adopt a sharehold right plan , or `` poison pill , `` dure a 120-intermin safeguard period it board adopt to deter attempt to acquir the compani through ani mean other than an all-cash tender offer while it seek other purcha . chemlawn also said it began litig against wast manag in feder court in columbu , seek injunct and other relief . the suit alleg , among other thing , that certain wast manag offic and director purcha chemlawn 's stock befor make the tender offer . chemlawn claim such purcha possibl violat the offic ' fiduciari duti and the secur and exchang commiss 's insid trade rule . last week , wast manag made a tender offer to acquir chemlawn for 27 dlr per share or 270 mln dlr . chemlawn said it board wa determin that wast 's offer wa inadequ and not in the best interest of sharehold , and could `` adver affect `` the interest of it employ , supplier , creditor , and custom . `` our board care review wast manag offer and conclud that it doe not fulli reflect the valu of the compani . we strongli urg our sharehold not to tender their share to wast manag , `` said chairman l. jack van fossen . chemlawn said it right plan is design to protect sharehold against abu tactic , such as `` market accumul by wast manag or other . `` under the plan , one comon stock purcha right will be distribut as a dividend on each outstand share of chemlawn common . chemlawn said it right holder can buy a share of it common for one dlr if ani entiti acquir 25 pct or more of it commmon , other than by an all cash tender offer for all it share or an approv acquisit agreement by it board . it said the right expir juli three 1987 , or 60 day after they becom exerci if later than that date . it said it board may redeem the right for five ct per right ani time prior to their exerci date . chemlawn said the plan will not be trigger by purcha puru to wast manag 's present tender offer . it said the dividend will be paid to sharehold of record march 20 .