paradyn & lt ; pdn > plead guilti to crimin charg paradyn corp said it plead guilti to crimin charg of conspiraci to defraud the social secur administr and agre to pay 1.2 mln dlr in fine and cost to the u.s. govern . the compani also reach agreement in principl for an 8.1 mln dlr settlement of class action law suit . about 2.9 mln dlr of the class action settlement will be provid by paradyn 's insur carrier . the settlement is conting on court approv after notic to class member , it said . the crimin case settlement dismiss all charg includ briberi and fals statement , except for conspiraci to which paradyn plead guilti . the crimin settlement includ the lift of the govern 's suspens , the dismiss of the feder civil fals claim suit and all charg against the individu . of the 2.9 mln dlr the insur carrier will provid for the civil settlement , 750,000 dlr will go to settl a deriv lawsuit . for the year end decemb 31 , paradyn report a net loss of 38.5 mln dlr . the year-end result includ an 8.0 mln dlr provis for futur legal and or settlement cost to cover the civil and crimin settlement announc today . paradyn also said it name jerri kendal as presid and chief execut offic , succeed robert wiggin who resign as chairman and chief execut offic as part of the settlement of the indict . kendal formerli serv as execut vice presid and chief oper offic . the compani also said that due to the sluggish marketplac , it doe not expect to be profit in the first quarter but is optimist about the outlook for the year . for the first quarter of 1986 , the compani report net incom of 875,000 dlr on sale of 66.0 mln dlr . wiggin wa among five paradyin execut who were charg along with three former offic in a 1985 feder indict stem from a 115 mln contract award to paradyn in 1981 to build a comput network for the social secur administr . the men were accus of conspir to bribe govern offici and defaud the social secur administr . wiggin and other defend were also charg with provid fals testimoni and obstruct justic dure a secur and exchang commiss investig . under the settlement announc today , feder prosecutor agre to defer all charg against wiggin and three other defend under a one-year pretrial agreement . the charg would then be drop if the defend success complet the probat period . detail of the requir in the agreement were not immedi avail .