brazil debt seen partner to hard sell tactic brazil 's recent announc of a suspens in interest payment on 68 billion dlr of foreign debt gave the bank system the jitter and confirm view among mani intern economist and commod analyst that brazil will continu to flex it trade muscl in 1987. the develop world 's most indebt nation is also it most prolif export of agricultur commod such as coffe and soybean , and might maxim foreign exchang revenu by sell hard on world market , economist said . `` that sound like a reason strategi . but there is no way they can trade their way out of thi situat , '' aldo roldan , vice presid for intern servic at chase econometr , said . roldan told reuter that brazil not onli had to tackl the problem of satisfi domest demand and compet on glut world market , but also had to work to make it posit on foreign exchang market more profit . `` domest cost have increas ( due to inflat ) and export have not had the same offset movement in exchang rate , '' roldan said . the chase economist also said commod market were depress and gener did not appear veri promis for a countri like brazil , where pure commod account for some 50 pct of export and in 1986 had a total valu of around 23 billion dlr . but he ad : `` they are alway pretti aggress and they have good foreign market channel . '' analyst said a key factor in brazilian trade will be coffe , and even without background pressur from foreign creditor the world 's largest produc wa expect to hit the market thi year with a vengeanc . negoti between intern coffe organ ( ico ) member to re-establish produc export quota broke up earlier thi week with major produc and consum accus each other of intransig . `` brazil would not toler a chang in ico regul , which other want chang , '' one senior coffe dealer said . the dealer , who declin to be name , said brazil want to preserv it market share . at the end of the talk , he said brazil hint it could sell more than anyon els and other would suffer . brazil will be an aggress seller under ani scenario but as yet there is no sign of unusu heavi brazilian sale , the dealer said . `` if they do come into the market at thi level it will go lower and you could breach a dollar , nineti or eighti cent , '' he said . new york coffe futur for may deliveri settl 2.29 cent lower thursday at 104.68 cent a lb , while more distant deliveri fell the six-cent maximum trade limit . presid of the brazilian coffe institut , jorio dauster told a press confer in rio de janeiro today that brazil ha no set target for it coffe export follow the breakdown of the ico talk on export quota . mani economist and analyst believ soybean could be the focu of possibl stepped-up brazilian market effort . `` they will be more aggress thi year than they have ever been , '' accord to richard loewi , analyst for prudential-bach secur inc. loewi believ the foreign debt problem , a good crop , plu difficulti with storag would help motiv sell of the brazil soybean crop . `` brazilian farmer also need cash flow and they ca n't afford to store the crop , '' he said . the chicago soybean complex ha been nervou for some time about larg south american crop develop under near ideal condit toward record yield . `` we are go to see a veri rapid declin , earlier than usual , thi year in our ( u.s. ) export , '' loewi said . tommi eshleman , economist for the american soybean associ ( asa ) , said thi year 's brazilian soybean harvest could total 18 mln tonn , versu 13.7 mln last year . market will be veri aggress thi summer when price are usual high rel to the rest of the year due to the vulner of the u.s. crop to bad grow weather . anoth incent to sell might be trade anticip of a reduct in the u.s. govern soybean loan rate , offer to farmer who give crop as collater , eshleman said . he said there ha been some uncertainti thi year about the soybean loan rate , which act as an effect floor for price by keep suppli away from the free market . farmer can forfeit their bean to the govern rather than repay the loan . `` we 're get into a period when they ( brazil ) are start to harvest and start to export , '' eshleman said . but he ad it will be a while befor u.s. export fall to below 10 mln bushel a week from around 20 mln bushel current . jose melicia from the research depart of drexel burnham lambert said brazil would be tri to export as much as it can thi year becaus of it econom situat . he said the debt situat wa a major consider . `` the brazilian govern also doe not have enough money to pay for storag , '' he ad . ask if a return to an inflationari environ in brazil would make farmer inclin to hold onto crop , melicia said it would not make a big differ . on other commod market , brazil 's sell impact may be mute no matter it need to gener capit . brazil is face with a poor 1986/87 sugar harvest , which could limit export to the world market , analyst said . the countri may have oversold and be unabl to honor export commit , and thi plu higher domest demand caus by consum price subsidi on ethanol and refin sugar , will give it littl room to stretch export , they said . brazil 's other major crop , cocoa , is in it third year of surplu . `` cocoa consumpt is basic flat and last year it fell , so i do n't think they can start throw out cocoa and find mani more market for it , '' one analyst said . `` if they come out as aggress seller , the market would collaps and they ca n't afford to do that , '' she ad .