u.s. money growth slow sharpli , economist say u.s. money suppli growth is slow down rapidli , and some economist believ that all three of the feder reserv 's main monetari aggreg may even have contract in februari . a contract is unlik to be a major concern for the fed , especi as it would follow a long period of torrid growth , but it could give the central bank extra leeway in the week ahead if it decid that a relax of monetari polici wa justifi on account of weak in the economi . m-1 money suppli for the week end februari 23 , report today , rose 1.9 billion dlr to 738.5 billion , but preliminari forecast call for a drop next week of around two billion dlr . the monthli averag in januari wa 737.1 billion dlr . m-1 make up about a quarter of m-2 and a fifth of m-3 . with other compon of m-2 , such as money-market deposit account and small time deposit , also fall , the stage is set for fall in the broader aggreg too , economist say . m-1 ha been larg discredit becaus it tradit link to econom growth ha disintegr under the impact of fall interest rate and bank deregul . but the consist behavior of all three aggreg is like to impress the fed , said ward mccarthi of merril lynch econom inc. `` the fed ha confid in the aggreg when they 're all send the same signal . thi is go to rais some eyebrow at the fed , '' mccarthi said . stephen slifer of shearson lehman brother inc ad , `` we have some veri good-look monetari aggreg data . it' come in a lot weaker than i thought . '' the economist were quick to caution that one month 's data prove noth , especi becaus money growth previous had been so rapid . m-1 in the last 52 week ha grown at a 16.7 pct rate and at a 19.1 pct rate in the past 13 week . moreov , some of the contract in m-2 can probabl be explain by a shift of fund from save vehicl into the boom stock market and is thu not an indic of a slowdown in the busi expans . but the data rais the tantal possibl for the bond market that the slowdown in money growth is partli a reflect of a weaker economi that need more fed stimulu . mccarthi note that the slower money growth coincid with sign that the economi is lose momentum as the quarter progress . `` some of the econom indic are not as rosi as they were a month ago , '' he note . he expect onli five to six pct m-1 growth in march and rise in m-2 and m-3 of about four pct . slifer see stronger growth of 10 pct in m-1 and five pct or less for m-2 and m-3 , but the rate would still be moder enough to encourag the fed to eas polici if gross nation product for the first quarter prove to be weak . `` you'd certainli be more inclin to eas than you would in the past . '' there wa certainli noth in the fed 's latest balanc sheet , howev , to suggest a chang of polici is alreadi under way , economist said . discount window borrow were in line with expect at 233 mln dlr a day . robert brusca of nikko secur co intern inc argu that an easier fed polici is unlik to do much to solv america 's most urgent econom problem , it massiv trade deficit . becaus of the possibl that further dollar depreci - and thu rise inflat - may be need to close the trade gap , brusca said `` i 'm not prepar to be all that optimist about the bond market . ''