februari u.s. job gain show stronger economi momentum in th u.s. economi may be pick up given solid across-th board increas in the februari u.s. employ report , economist said . u.s. non-farm payrol employ rose 337,000 in februari , twice what the financi market expect . thi follow a 319,000 gain in januari , revis down from a previous report 448,000 increas . `` even if you look at januari and februari togeth , thi is still a much stronger report than the consensu expect in the market , '' said allan lesli of discount corpor . economist stress that gain in hour work signal much larger gain in februari u.s. product and incom than previous forecast . the averag work week rose 0.2 hour to 35.0 hour from 34.8 hour in januari . the averag manufactur work week rose 0.3 hour to 41.2 hour , the longest factori work week sinc novemb 1966 , the commerc depart said . `` the gain in manufactur employ point to a veri larg increas in industri product of between 0.5 and 0.7 pct , '' said joe carson of chemic bank . thi compar to a 0.4 pct gain in januari u.s. industri product . peter greenbaum of smith barney harri upham and co inc note that the averag wage rate increas to 8.87 dlr an hour in februari from 8.83 dlr in januari . `` combin with the increas in hour work , thi mean we 'll get a pretti healthi gain in person incom vis-a-vi the wage and salari disburs , '' he said . greenbaum said that februari u.s. person incom should rise at least 0.5 pct after be flat in januari . he said the februari employ gain are consist with hi firm 's first quarter u.s. real gross nation product growth forecast of 3.7 pct . economist agre that the employ data were neg for the credit market in that they signal a healthier economi and no eas in the feder reserv 's monetari polici . but most said that the market need not fear tighter polici either . `` thi report is anoth reason for the fed to not consid eas , '' said ray stone of merril lynch capit market inc. `` it give them more room to address the dollar situat , '' he said . `` if they had to nudg polici tighter , they could do so , but it 's most like they 'll sit and wait . '' `` the data have not been uniform , '' stone ad . `` durabl good were weak in januari and now employ is strong . '' in januari , u.s. durabl good order drop 7.5 pct , follow by a 4.0 pct drop in u.s. factori good order . u.s. retail sale fell 5.8 pct , and the u.s. merchandis trade gap widen to 14.8 billion dlr . `` thing just are n't ad up , '' said steve slifer of lehman gover secur inc. `` consum spend , capit spend , gover spend , and net export data show veri weak first quarter gnp growth of one pct , '' he said . `` the employ and product data point to a big inventori build-up , but that 's what we thought in the fourth quarter and we onli got 1.3 pct gnp growth . '' manufactur employ gain 50,000 after fall 15,000 in januari . economist estim that 30,000 of the gain wa account for by strike worker in the steel and machineri industri return to work . even so , some economist said that the manufactur gain have result from an improv trade outlook . jason benderli of goldman , sach and co note that the u.s. trade pictur improv in the fourth quarter as net export grew at a 20 pct annual rate while the rate of increas in import fell to onli six pct , and that it continu to improv in the first quarter . `` not onli the offici statist for the fourth quarter , but evid of a pick up in order from oversea for paper product , chemic , high-tech good , and capit good show that trade is improv , '' benderley said . `` the economi is move between extrem , '' he said . `` some report are go to look bad and some good , but first quarter gnp is go to grow in the middl at about three pct . '' a 287,000 gain in servic employ compris the greater part of februari 's employ gain . retail servic employ rose 129,000 in februari , compar to a gain of 117,000 in januari , previous report at 166,000. construct employ rose a slim 2,000 in februari . but thi follow a robust 113,000 gain in januari , revis down from a previous report 142,000 gain . the u.s. civilian unemploy rate wa unchang in februari at 6.7 pct . thi mean the jobless rate ha stay at 6.7 pct for three consecut month , the lowest read sinc march 1980 , the commerc depart note . `` the feder reserv ha to be pleas with thi report , '' carson said . `` thi take away the fed 's flexibl to eas , but there 's no reason to tighten . it 's way too earli for that . ''