french primari bond market show new sparkl the french primari bond market is show sign of renew effervesc after sever week of lethargi and the trend is expect to continu if hope of immin interest rate cut are fulfil , market oper said . the bank of franc is gener expect to give a signal to the market , possibl at the begin of next week , by announc a quarter point cut in it interv rate , which ha stood at eight pct sinc januari 2 , or in it seven-day repurcha rate , set at 8-3/4 pct sinc januari 5. the central bank 's averaged-out day to day call money rate , the refer rate for interbank money market oper , which reach 8-3/4 pct on februari 18 ha fallen to 7-3/4 pct thi week , dealer note . the bank of franc 's `` open market `` polici to regul the money market sinc decemb ha been base on a floor and ceil of rate within the limit of it interv and seven day repurcha rate . for the moment the sentiment is of `` wait and see `` on rate cut , but there are now more optimist than pessimist among market oper , a dealer for a major french bank said . dealer said there is abund liquid on the bond market , note that thi week 's monthli treasuri tap issu of 11.87 billion franc had a good recept and wa fairli easili absorb . the treasuri had set an upper limit on the issu of 12 billion franc and wa like to continu to tri and sell as much paper as it could over come month to meet it borrow need for thi year of around 150 billion , one banker said . dealer said there wa no difficulti in place liquid in the primari market at the moment despit competit from the surg in invest on the pari stock exchang . there ha been a flood of larg bond issu , but with formula well adapt to market condit and investor demand - with warrant or a mix of fix and floating-r - which have been snap up , and with gener broadli neg fee . dealer point to the recent caiss d'aid a l'equip de collectivit local ( caecl ) 8.90 pct two billion franc bond with warrant exchang for floating-r bond issu over 13 year and 80 day at 97.04 pct with payment date march 9 , which wa today quot at -0.90 to -1.10 pct . even classic fixed-r issu , after be neglect sinc the end of last year , are find buyer , one banker said . dealer said that now the question wa to see how the term of immin oper would be set , with great market interest focuss on the like three next issu . these will includ an expect four to five billion franc issu for electricit de franc , to be follow by a bond of around one billion franc for auxiliair du credit foncier , a subsidiari of the bank group credit foncier de franc , and a new issu by tender from the mortgag agenc caiss de refinanc hypothecair .