bank of england pressur hold base rate thi week 's bank of england resist to strong market pressur for lower interest rate succeed in hold bank base rate at 11 pct . but at a cost of threaten the chancellor of the exchequ nigel lawson 's polici , state at the end of the pari group of six meet last month , that he want to see sterl broadli stabl about then prevail level , market sourc said . sinc then , the pound ha risen to 71.8 pct on it close trade-weight index , up from 69.7 pct imedi after the pari meet and up 0.4 on the day . today 's peak at 72.0 pct wa it highest sinc august 19. a treasuri spokesman said lawson had said he neither want a substanti rise or fall in sterl . the question is therefor how larg a rise he is readi to see befor act . paul temperton , chief economist at merril lynch europ ltd , estim that the govern want to see the trade-weight index about 72-73 pct . `` even after thi action over the last few week , sterl 's onli just within strike distanc of that rang , '' he said . other analyst agre that the govern probabl ha some broad target rang around thi area . howev , they said lawson would be prepar to see the pound go higher at least in the short term , despit the risk of a loss of export competit and cheaper price on import . `` if the bank of england keep the interest rate as they are , what 's to stop it ( go higher ) , '' said john cox , execut director of ebc amro bank ltd , a major oper on the london foreign exchang market . cox estim that the bank of england ha been activ sell sterl over the past few day , despit the lack of gener market talk of such intervent , and thi ha help keep it below 1.60 dlr . the pound rose to 1.5870 dlr from 1.5764 yesterday and 1.5400 februari 23 , the day after the pari meet . but cox say the govern must be worri with sterl head toward 2.95 mark and would be veri concern if it hold around these level . he warn the bank may run the risk of miss the interest rate boat . `` if rate do n't come down , the market will say they ought to have come down and will sell sterl , '' he said . most dealer agre there is a good deal of `` hot money '' be invest in sterl , money simpli attract by high overnight or one-week rate , which could flow out at equal short notic . howev , the author will hope that at least a proport of the buy reflect long-term invest . `` the last thing they want to do is reduc them ( rate ) and have to jack them back up again , '' said richard jeffrey , economist at brokerag hous hoar govett ltd. he said a half point cut would ensur continu support for sterl , at least in the near term . howev , most analyst are still look for a full point about march 17 , budget day . the bank must hold out until it see the reaction to the budget , said temperton . the budget is wide forecast to be a vote winner in the run-up to a gener elect , the major factor behind current bullish in the govern bond and currenc market . `` lawson want to delay a cut in base rate until the budget . he want it to be crown with the glori of an interest rate cut , '' said ian harwood , economist at warburg secur , the equiti arm of mercuri intern group . specul a clear bank might break rank and lead the way lower were confound today . there wa excit a fall in the weekli treasuri bill rate to 9.7 pct from 10.2 pct last friday might mean the bank had chang it mind . thi follow the imposit of penal lend rate of 11 3/4 pct on the discount hous yesterday , and wa the lowest sinc base rate were at 10 pct , earli last octob . howev , with thi bill rate pertain to three-month money , bank sourc said the market could not take the cut as a guid to the bank 's intent on short term rate .