crude oil price up as stock , output fall u.s. crude oil price rose abov 18 dlr a barrel thi week and industri analyst said the price could rise anoth dollar as inventori fall . `` opec is keep it product down , and in the cash market there is tight suppli of crude with short transport time to major refin center , `` said daniel mckinley , oil analyst with smith barney , harri upham and co. `` that could send price 50 ct to a dollar higher , `` he ad . the u.s. benchmark crude west texa intermedi rose to 18.15 dlr a barrel today , a rise of 1.50 dlr thi week . the ralli in oil price thi week came after price fell in februari more than two dlr from it high of 18.25 dlr a barrel . `` oil trader were pull price down on the assumpt that oil stock were build and opec wa produc well abov it 15.8 mln bpd quota , but now both of those assumpt have come under question , `` mckinley said . yesterday the intern energi agenc in it monthli report said that oil stock in the oecd area , or in industri nation , were drawn down by 1.3 mln bpd dure the first quarter of thi year . iea estim that the draw in oil stock dure the first quarter of thi year will come larg from oil compani whose inventori level by april one will be an estim 326 mln tonn , or about 74 day consumpt . industri analyst also said the estim of a 3.5 mln bpd draw in stock made by shell chairman peter holm yesterday fed specul that other major compani were destock . trader said the destock ha come about as a result of a so-cal buyer strike , which kept refin from buy offici price opec oil in an effort to get the organ to offer discount to the offici price . `` thi struggl between the compani and opec is the ultim game of chicken but it will be resolv rel soon . i would imagin by about the middl of the month ( march ) , `` the gener trade manag of an intern oil compani told reuter in a telephon interview . for it part opec ha move to win thi game by cut excess suppli from the market by a reduct of it own output , trader said . a reuter survey estim opec output to be 14.7 mln bpd thi week . also , an earthquak in ecuador yesterday led it to suspend oil export indefinti and forc majeur it shipment . `` thi will reduc short-haul avail by about 250,000 bpd almost immedi and the longer the suspen continu , the larger the draw in stock will be for compani expect it to be there , `` mckinley said . intern oil trader said that other short-haul crude , such as north sea brent , were also scarc becau asian refin bought the oil after absorb a lot of the readili avail mideast crude earlier thi week . if thi pattern continu then oil compani will bid up the price of oil as they purcha for their refineri , trade manag at sever compani told reuter . but there were skeptic who said they wonder how long opec can retain it uniti if buyer resist continu . stephen hank , chief economist at friedburg commod manag , said opec product wa lower `` becau of the saudi cut ( to 3.1 mln bpd ) and thi could spell troubl if it give other member an incent to exceed their quota . `` he ad , `` the saudi will be pick up the tab for other member who produc over their quota , and the drain on the saudi will continu , forc them to cut output mayb as low as 2.5 mln bpd to support the 18 dlr averag price , `` he ad . there are also sign of some opec crude be sold in the spot market at below opec offici price , trader said . oil trader said nigerian brass river sold for deliveri into the u.s. gulf at a price relat to north sea brent , which trade thi week at 17.60 dlr , far below the offici price of 18.92 dlr for the similar qualiti bonni light . iranian oil is also surfac in the u.s. gulf and the far east at report discount to it 17.50 dlr offici price . `` there is a lot of oil price on government-to-govern deal , which are below offici price and thi is probabl be resold , `` one intern trader said .