brazil strike cau govern major problem strike by brazil 's 40,000 seamen and by petrol station owner in four state are cau major headach to a govern alreadi wrestl with a debt crisi . a week ago seamen began their first nation strike for 25 year and union leader say they have seriou affect brazilian export by make idl 160 ship . on februari 20 the brazilian govern suspend interest payment on part of it huge foreign debt follow a sharp deterior in it trade balanc . today the govern face a fresh problem , when most petrol station owner in sao paulo , the countri 's industri heartland , and in three other state close down to press for higher fuel price . there were fear that the combin of the two stoppag could lead to a seriou fuel shortag . the seamen 's leader say their strike ha halt 48 of the 72 ship belong to the state oil compani petrobra . the jornal do brasil newspap , in an editori today entitl `` danger confront , `` said : `` from the econom point of view the seamen 's strike carri an alarm cost , with grave consequ for the suppli situat and for the countri 's extern trade . `` the seamen are seek a 275 pct pay rise and have reject offer of up to 100 pct . later today the higher labour tribun in brasilia is due to rule on whether the seamen 's strike is legal . but a senior offici of the nation merchant marin union , jorg lui leao franco , told reuter that the strike would continu regardless of the tribun 's rule . labour unrest ha worsen in brazil follow the collap over the last few month of the govern 's cruzado plan price freez . price have been rise at about 15 pct a month . not onli worker but also businessmen are restiv . petrol station owner said mani garag had close indefinit today in sao paulo , parana , mato grosso and mato grosso do sul . televi report said that in the parana state capit of curitiba petrol station were onli suppli fuel for except case such as ambul and funer process . brazilian garag owner want to be allow to rai their profit on alcohol fuel and petrol sale to 1.26 cruzado ( six u.s. cent ) a litr from 0.56 cruzado ( about 2.5 cent ) . queue form at petrol station in sao paulo late last night as motorist fill up their tank while they still could . polit sourc said the govern of presid jose sarney wa close follow the strike and the over fuel suppli situat .