taft & lt ; tfb > bidder would sell entertain unit a propos buyout of taft broadcast co by dudley taft and other investor includ a plan to sell the compani 's entertain group , accord to one of the investor . jonathan nelson , manag director of narragansett capit corp & lt ; narr > , which is particip in the buyout plan , declin to say if buyer have alreadi been line up for the entertain group . `` we are consid sell the group , '' nelson said . wall street analyst said ani of the hollywood film studio which might be interest . taft broadcast co did not comment on the 145 dlr per share offer . taft ha 9.2 mln share outstand , of which 12 pct are own by the taft and ingal famili . dudley taft relinquish the titl of presid in juli but continu as vice chairman of the compani . taft-narragansett requst a respons to it propos by march 12. if the plan is accept , taft would be a privat compani financ by high yield bond and bank debt , nelson said . narragansett is an invest manag compani special in leverag buyout transact . taft share climb 19 to 151-1/2 , caus arbitrageur to say investor believ the bidder may rais their price . robert m. bass , who control 25 pct of the stock , and american financi corp , holder of 15 pct , did not return telephoh call seek comment . but denni mcalpin , analyst at oppenheim and co , said `` i do n't think it 's worth 150 dlr . '' he note taft recent agre to sell a group of independ televis station at a loss . he said the entertain group , which includ the hanna-barbara anim studio , is current hamper by a glut of anim product . taft broadcast ha never comment on report that it major stockhold met recent to discuss a break-up of the compani . macalpin said there are lot of option for reshap the compani with a distribut of variou piec to the major sharehold among the possibl . analyst alan gottesman of l.f. rothschild , unterberg towbin inc said the bass group ha been increas it stake in the belief the compani would be worth more with a chang in it strategi . he said bass push for sale of the independ televis station becaus the compani paid too much .