german 1988 tax cut rai by 5.2 billion mark senior offici in the west german coalit govern said tax cut plan for next year would be increa by 5.2 billion mark , in line with a pledg made by financ minist gerhard stoltenberg at last month ' intern monetari confer in pari . gerold tandler , gener secretari of the christian social union parti , detail the cut at a news confer also attend by offici from the christian democrat union and free democrat parti , said all of the addit 5.2 billion mark reduct would repr net tax relief . an increa in revenu from other sourc wa not plan . the reduct will be ad on to a packag of tax cut alreadi plan for 1988 amount to some nine billion mark . tandler said three billion mark of the extra tax relief would be account for by reduc the rate of margin increa in incom tax . an increa in person tax allow would save taxpay 1.4 billion mark . extra tax allow for peopl whose children are be educ would cut 300 mln mark from the tax bill . a further 500 mln mark would be account for by increa the level of special depreci for small- and medium- compani . the extra fiscal measur plan for next year are part of a gener reform of the tax system which will come into effect in 1990. stoltenberg had said in pari that part of thi reform , which will cut tax by a gross 44 billion mark , would be introduc next year , ahead of schedul . the west german govern had come under pressur from the unit state to stimul it economi with tax cut . but stoltenberg said in a speech last night in hamburg that , while the economi would continu to expand thi year , the rate of growth wa uncertain . the govern said in januari it wa aim for real growth in gross nation product thi year of 2.5 pct , but some economist have revi their predict down to two or below . stoltenberg said : `` we remain on a cour of expan . whether ( thi will be ) under two pct , as some peopl believ , or around 2.5 pct as some other expect , or even closer to three pct , as the kiel world econom institut forecast a few day ago , remain open at the moment . ``