german govern need seen rais bond yield increas feder govern borrow need and a grow unwilling by foreign investor to buy mark asset could push yield in german public author bond higher thi year , bond market sourc say . `` at the moment we have a sideway movement in the short-term rate . but how rate move in the long end will depend strongli on foreign , '' one portfolio manag for a larg secur invest hous in frankfurt said . the sourc also said the govern had alreadi step up it borrow programm in anticip on increas need . friday 's loan stock wa the third thi year alreadi , the sourc note . it carri a 10-year matur , a coupon of six pct and price of 100-1/4 to yield 5.97 pct at issu . thi compar with the last issu which had a 5-3/4 pct coupon price at 99-3/4 pct for a yield of 5.75 pct . but dealer said the term were not enough to attract foreign investor , and the feder govern would have to push yield higher in futur if it want to borrow again soon . sourc note feder govern issu had also increas in size , with the introduct of a four billion mark volum onli start last may . one financ ministri economist said `` it is n't more . it' just the size ( of each bond ) which ha increas . '' he ad condit in the capit market current remain fairli favour for rais new debt . until recent , feder issu sold veri strongli abroad , with up to 90 pct of some be place with foreign investor . with the recent stabilis of the u.s. dollar , howev , foreign investor have begun to back away from the market , as hope of further currenc gain in mark diminish . sourc said the govern ha may have alreadi step up it borrow , have rais more than 18 billion mark . the govern made net borrow of 23 billion mark in 1986. but bundesbank statist show that net borrow through bond wa 26.6 billion . the sourc said thi indic a move by the govern out of other type of debt to gain access to foreign fund through the more accept loan stock form . although new credit need were partli inflat by a larg amount of issu matur recent , other factor , includ the govern 's tax reduct program , would also reduc incom next year . `` the problem here will be the tax reform , '' the portfolio manag said . he ad that the govern 's cut in it top incom tax rate to 53 pct from 56 pct in 1988 would make it difficult for the govern to reduc borrow . the sourc said the govern would fall far short of cover all of it 40 billion mark in lost revenu from the tax reform by make expenditur cut and would be forc to fall back on debt market in one form or the other . the portfolio manag note that besid the three feder govern loan stock so far thi year , it ha also fallen back twice to rais a total 6.43 billion mark through the issu of fixed-r medium-term `` kassenoblig '' note . a financ ministri economist said the govern did not expect to have ani troubl keep to it plan to borrow onli a net 22.3 billion mark thi year . though mani sourc agre , they ad that the trend would probabl not continu next year as the further tax cut come into effect . `` i would expect the effort for a further tax reform would mean govern borrow will increas , '' the manag said . bond price last week were slightli firmer on balanc , with the bundesbank 's public author bond yield calcul fall to 5.64 pct on friday from 5.66 a week earlier . but sourc said foreign demand for the new feder govern loan stock wa slack , as sentiment grow that the dollar may now rise against the mark . `` the demand wa n't so good , '' a dealer for a german bank in london said . the dollar 's recent slight appreci against the mark even meant that foreign investor have sold mark bond recent , some dealer said .