ecuador to export no oil for 4 month , offici the suspen of ecuador 's crude oil shipment after an earthquak cut an oil pipelin will last at least four month , a senior energi ministri offici said . the offici said ecuador could resum export after repair a 40 km section of the 510 km pipelin , which link jungl oil field at lago agrio to balao on the pacif coast . it would take about 100 mln u.s. dlr to repair the pipelin , the offici , who did not want to be name , told reuter . ecuador had enough oil to meet domest demand for about 35 day and would have to import crude to supplement stock . the earthquak last thursday night regist six on the 12-point intern mercal scale . the damag to the pipelin wa a sever econom blow to ecuador , where oil account for up to two-third of total export and as much as 60 pct of govern revenu . financ press ecuador , a member of the organi of petroleum export countri ( opec ) , wa recent pump about 260,000 barrel per day ( bpd ) of crude , about 50,000 bpd abov the output quota assign by the cartel , anoth energi ministri spokesman said . last year , it export an averag of 173,500 bpd , accord to the central bank . howev , ecuador might build an emerg 25 km pipelin , cost 15 to 20 mln dlr , to hook up with a colombian pipelin , the first offici said . he estim it could take about 60 day to build . ecuador , squeez by the slide in world oil price in 1986 , had onli 138 mln dlr in net intern reserv at the end of januari , about equal to one month 's import . it suspend interest payment in januari on 5.4 billion dlr owe to about 400 privat foreign bank . the countri ' total foreign debt is 8.16 billion dlr , the eighth largest in latin america . in caraca , presid jaim lusinchi said venezuela would loan five mln barrel of crude to ecuador over the next three month to make up for loss from damag to the pipelin . ecuador ask for the loan to guarant domest suppli and would ship an equiv volum back to venezuela in repay in may , lusinchi said . a commiss head by venezuelan invest fund minist hector hurtado and includ repr from the interior and defenc ministri and the state oil compani petroleo de venezuela will travel to ecuador tuesday to evalu and co-ordin an emerg relief program , he said .