southern & lt ; so > to take charg on vogtl cost southern co said it will take an after-tax charg of 226 mln dlr against earn no later than januari 1988 becaus the project cost of the vogtl nuclear power plant ha risen abov the amount which retail custom in georgia will be ask to pay . the compani 's largest subsidiari , georgia power co , said the budget for the plant ha increas by 6.3 pct , or 522 mln dlr , to 8.87 billion . howev , becaus of a pledg the made last year to georgia 's public servic commiss , the increas cost will not be includ in the util 's retail electr rate . geogia power also said it board ha delay the schedul complet of vogtl 's unit two to june 1989 from septemb 1988. unit two is about 60 pct complet , it ad . the util said fuel load ha been complet at unit one and the unit is be put through a seri of low-pow test befor the nuclear regulatori commiss is ask for a full-pow licens . the nuclear power plant , locat near waynesboro , ga. , is co-own by & lt ; oglethorp power corp > , the municip electr author of georgia and the citi of dalton . georgia power said the revis vogtl budget estim wa due to sever factor , includ addit labor cost incur to keep the plant 's first unit on schedul for commerci oper by june . the new figur repres the first chang in the plant 's budget sinc august 1985 , when it wa estim at 8.35 billion dlr . in march 1986 , the util told georgia regul it would `` cap '' the price of vogtl it custom would be ask to pay at 3.56 billion dlr , the compani 's share of the then project 8.35 billion dlr total . under the new budget , georgia power said , it share amount to 3.87 billion dlr . note that georgia power 's share of the vogtl increas is 313 mln dlr , southern said thi will result in a charg against earn of 177 mln dlr after tax . in addit , the compani said , georgia power 's contract with the joint owner requir the util to buy back signific amount of vogtl capac dure the plant' initi year of oper . under term of the cap on cost , it will not attempt to recov the portion of the budget increas that appli to the buyback . thi bing the total amount that must be charg against earn to 2326 mln dlr after tax , southern said . southern said new rule of the financi account standard board , which are effect in januari 1988 , requir ani cost that are determin nonrecover to be charg against earn onc that determin is made . the compani also said it board ha approv a capit budget of 2.1 billion dlr in 1987 , includ work on the vogtl project . it said a 5.9 billion dlr capita budget for the three-year period 1987-1989 wa also outlin at the board meet , note thi is 700 mln dlr below the compar figur for the year 1986-1988 .