u.k. issu one billion stg bond tranch the bank of england said it wa take onto it book a further one billion stg tranch of 8-3/4 pct treasuri loan stock due 1997 , payabl 40 stg pct on applic . the stock wa issu to the bank at 96.50 stg pct and will be avail for deal from march 11 , with the remaind of the amount payabl on may 5. the bank said the bond would yield 9.28 pct at the issu price and would be free of tax to resid oversea . the issu would be design 8-3/4 pct treasuri loan 1997 `` b . '' a further 100 mln stg wa reserv for the nation debt commission . the market drop by up to 1/2 point follow the bank' announc , with the treasuri 13-1/2 pct stock due 2004/08 quot one full point lower at 134-12/32 stg pct around 20 minut after the news . dealer said the announc had to be view against the backdrop of intens pressur for lower u.k. interest rate which had built up over the past two week as a result of sterl 's strength . the bank thi morn final signal it wa prepar to see lower rate and u.k. clear bank thi afternoon announc cut in their base lend rate to 10.5 pct from 11 pct . the bank had initi been reluct to counten a rate cut becaus , dealer said , the author had wish to delay a reduct until around the time of the u.k. budget on march 17 , therebi preserv the full impact of chancellor of the exchequ nigel lawson 's packag of measur . howev , in the face of sterl 's appar inexor climb , the author today decid to cede to pressur and allow a half-point cut . today 's one billion stg tap issu wa view by the market as a move by the bank to erad hope for a further earli rate cut which might aris as a result of strong sterl . most market particip believ that lawson will now foster a further half point interest rate reduct at the time of the budget , although one or two said they would not be surpris to see a full point declin at thi stage . dealer note that as part of the author ' attempt last week to eas pressur for lower rate , the bank had issu a one billion stg tap stock with a view to subdu the govern bond market . to the surpris of most particip , the issu wa sold out within hour of becom avail for trade and the market push on to regist further sharp gain . dealer said that at thi stage it seem unlik that the issu announc today would be absorb by the market as rapidli as last week 's . howev , they note that although sterl had edg down from it high follow the base rate cut , it had still close on a trade-weight basi at 72.4 , well ahead of friday 's final 71.8 and onli just beneath the peak of 72.5 touch at 1300 gmt .