petro-canada to drill two terra nova test well petro-canada , canada' state-own oil compani , said it will drill two delin well thi summer at the terra nova oil field offshor newfoundland . evalu of test result and preliminari engin work should put petro-canada in a posit to propos a develop plan for the terra nova field in 1988 , the compani said . depend on time requir for regulatori approv , construct could begin in 1989 , with first oil product as earli as 1991 , petro-canada said . `` we have a high degre of confid that the western portion of the ( terra nova ) field contain at least 11 mln cubic meter of recover oil , or more than 70 mln barrel , and that we could produc it economicli use a float product system , '' petro-canada said . the terra-nova field , lie 350 kilomet east of st. john 's and 35 kilomet southeast of hibernia field , wa discov by petro-canada in 1984 . `` we 've had encourag result from the eastern portion of the field , and we hope thi summer 's drill will prove up addit reserv there , '' the compani said . petro-canada believ terra nova field is a good commerci prospect and the compani want to move some of those resourc toward develop so it can start gener a return on invest , petro-canada said . petro-canada , which will act as oper of the two well , ha a 75 pct interest in the western portion of graven block of the terra nova field and a 26 pct interest in the field 's east flank block , a compani spokesman said later . other field particip includ canterra energi ltd , mobil oil canada ltd , gulf canada resourc inc , icg resourc ltd , trillium explor corp and gener partnership parex . petro-canada estim reserv in the terra nova field' graven block of between 68 mln and 70 mln barrel of oil , compani spokesman bob foulk said from petro-canada 's calgari offic . combin reserv for graven block and the field 's east flank block are estim between 70 mln and 130 mln barrel , he ad . petro-canada expect to spend about 500 mln canadian dlr to bring the field to product by about 1991 , and the develop budget could doubl if the compani build a product system combin both block in the field , he said . petro-canada estim the terra nova field graven block would produc between 25,000 and 26,000 barrel averag daili product , with a product system that would have maximum capac of 40,000 bpd , compani spokesman foulk said in answer to a queri . the compani estim a product system combin both graven and east flank block in the terra nova field could produc about 45,000 bpd averag daili product , he said .