primari eurosterl market boom despit rate cut two new eurosterl bond were launch today , make a total of 10 new deal in the sector so far thi month , as borrow rush to cash in on a bull sterl market fuel by the strength of the pound and pre-budget euphoria . the bank of england final gave way to a 1/2 point cut in bank ' base lend rate earlier today , but dealer said thi had been larg discount and wa not like to detract from the current popular of sterling-denomin invest . `` sterl , in ani shape or form , is flavor of the month and we 're set to see mani more eurosterl deal , `` one dealer said . today 's new eurosterl bond were a 10-year , 100 mln stg deal for sweden at 9-1/2 pct and price at 101-1/4 pct , lead by bare brother and co ltd and a 14 year 60 mln stg convert deal for storeh plc launch by sbci intern ltd. `` we thought we saw a proverbi flood of new deal with the 14 we had last month but it seem march will beat februari hand down with 10 alreadi , `` one eurosterl specialist said . `` optic , psycholog , these singl figur are much more attract for the borrow . eurosterl look like a cheap and attract way to rai your money , `` he ad . thi account for the wide varieti of borrow who have tap the sector recent , rang from sovereign such as the kingdom of sweden today , contin bank includ commerzbank and deutsch bank and british corpor . anoth u.k. merchant bank analyst note that the current vogu for eurosterl enabl sever corpor borrow last month to offer paper price below compar gilt yield . a storeh offici confirm that the issu wa aim at swiss and german investor who were show good interest . thi is the first entri into the long term intern capit market by storeh , british design terenc conran 's retail conglom which incorpor u.k. chain store mothercar , british home store and habitat . `` we have been consid the move for quit some time now and the current strength of the eurosterl sector provid the perfect opportun and spur for us to final tap the market , `` lanc moir , corpor treasur at storeh plc told reuter .