mathemat applic set oper sale mathemat applic group inc said it ha sign a letter of intent to sell all of it oper busi and will propo a plan of liquid follow the sale . if the compani is unsuccess in obtain the approv need for the sale and liquid , it said , the compani may be requir to initi reorgan proceed under feder bankruptci law to facil the distribut of it asset . mathemat applic said it tent agr to sell it direct market busi to pagex inc for 400,000 dlr plu an amount equal to the work capit of the busi at close as well as a 1.7 mln dlr note payabl in instal over six year . mathemat applic said the busi ' work capit is estim to be about 600,000 dlr . pagex ha been form by paul a. goldner the owner of pagex system inc , which is also engag in the direct market comput servic busi . mathemat applic said the tent agreement call for pagex to buy substanti all of the asset and liabil relat to the direct market busi and continu to use the mathemat applic name . it said the sale is also subject to renegoti of a real estat lea and approv of a definit agreement by the compani 's board , stock holder and debentur holder . the compani said it ha obtain waiver from holder of it six mln dlr princip amount of debentur due march 31 , 1993 , to defer interest payment aggreg 270,000 dlr through march 31 , 1987. the compani said it will seek waiver to defer these interest payment , and those due march 31 , for enough time to enabl the compani to accomplish the propo sale of it oper . mathemat applic said it is talk to debentur holder , it landlord , a lessor of equip to the market oper and holder of other liabil not be assum by pagex to arrang distribut of asset after the propo sale , ad that these asset will be significantli less than it liabil . the compani said it ha obtain waiver from holder of it six mln dlr princip amount of debentur due march 31 , 1993 , to defer interest payment aggreg 270,000 dlr through march 31 , 1987. the compani said it will seek waiver to defer these payment , and those due march 31 , for enough time to accomplish the propo sale of it oper . mathemat applic said it is talk to debentur holder , it landlord , a lessor of equip to the market oper and holder of liabil page is not assum to arrang distribut of asset after the propo sale , ad these asset will be significantli less than it liabil . as part of the distribut of asset , the compani said , it expect sharehold to receiv an amount base on the bid price of the compani 's stock , which wa 1/16 on march five .