cbt discuss major chang for renov chicago board of trade ( cbt ) agricultur and financ futur market could be in for a period of major upheav later thi year if the exchang goe ahead with plan renov . a cbt spokesman told reuter the exchang wa look at a number of option to identifi the most cost effect and effici way to proceed , includ one which would involv move the entir grain floor out of the build and into the nearbi midamerica commod exchang . `` one of ( cbt chairman ) karsten mahlmann 's agenda item ha been to proceed with renov in the financ futur room , `` the spokesman said . anoth cbt offici , execut vice presid georg sladoj , said the issu would be discuss thi friday at a special meet on the exchang floor . a number of present have been made with regard to renov the financ futur room , sladoj said . `` we ' v look at five or six differ altern , involv such thing as flip-flop the trade room , `` he ad . it is conceiv that under a coupl of these plan , we might use the midamerica exchang temporarili for some cbt market , sladoj said . `` if we move out of one floor entir , then the construct period will be about a year , `` he said , ad that the issu wa like to go to a membership vote first and then be on the draw board for eight month to a year . the cbt spokesman stress that discuss were veri preliminari at thi stage and noth wa like to begin until thi summer at the earliest . in order to renov the crowd financ futur pit , exchang offici have discuss provid them a temporari home next door in the present grains-domin area . thi could involv move cbt market in u.s. treasuri bond futur , treasuri note , muni-bond , and option on t-bond and t-note through an adjoin corridor , while util the midamerica floor for such cbt futur contract as corn , wheat , soybean , soybean product and agricultur option . ani such move could meet with opposit among some cbt member . one senior floor trader said the financ futur room badli need renov . `` there is talk the grain floor will shift to the midam and the financ will move to the grain area , `` he said . the cbt spokesman said anoth option be discuss wa to renov the financ floor in quadrant , one quarter at a time . `` the first step , after decid the most effect way to proceed , would be to get architectur and engin draw , `` he said . he ad that it wa difficult at present to determin an exact time frame for ani possibl move . `` thi is a major undertak and a process that would spread out over next year , `` he said . floor trader at the midamerica commod exchang , which merg with the cbt about a year ago , said they were prepar to vacat their floor at the end of thi month . space ha recent been clear for them at the cbt by move it major market index pit into the area onc reserv for lightly-trad cbt gold and silver futur , which now share their trade area . the midam special in mini-contract in grain , livestock , metal , financ and foreign currenc as well as some option contract . `` rumor ha it that the cbt grain are come over here becau the bond are too crowd , `` one midam trader said . anoth sourc at the midam said thi chang could take place by juli or august .