chrysler & lt ; c > amc buyout valu at 1.55 billion chrysler corp 's propos acquisit of american motor corp is valu at about 1.55 billion dlr , includ the cost of acquisit and the 767 mln dlr in american motor ' debt that chrysler will assum , analyst said . they said chrysler 's cost of acquisit wa valu at 782 mln dlr , paid in cash , note and chrysler share . the analyst told reuter that at a new york brief chrysler treasur fred zuckerman outlin hi company' agreement with renault to assum amc 's debt as well as 332 mln dlr in unfund pension liabil , though the latter is not includ valu the transact . analyst were gener posit on chrysler 's propos purchas of it much-smal rival , but said they expect the transact would carri with it a short-term dilut in chrysler 's earn . a chrysler financi sourc , speak anonym , told reuter that the propos purchas price wa smaller than it would have been had a deal been struck last year becaus the impact of the new u.s. tax law remov chrysler 's abil to assum amc 's larg reserv of tax-loss carryforward accumul from it loss sinc 1980 . `` there were veri seriou discuss last fall but we did n't pull it off , '' the sourc said in a refer to the assassin in novemb of former renault chairman georg bess . `` it 's too bad becaus the tax benefit fell on the floor . and renault could have gotten a much better price if we 'd done it befor the end of last year . '' in addit to amc 's debt and it pension liabil , the sourc said chrysler would also assum ani liabil from lawsuit over the safeti of jeep , which he call `` an overhang to the compani . '' analyst quot chrysler offici as have told them that the deal includ payment to renault of 200 mln dlr princip in the form of a 10-year note at eight pct interest , 35 mln dlr cash for renault 's equiti in amc 's financ subsidiari , 25 mln dlr in cash for `` transact fee '' in connect with the acquisit and 522 mln dlr worth of chrysler stock to be paid amc sharehold . `` the big number is the 767 mln dlr in debt assumpt , '' analyst jack kirnan of kidder peabodi and co told reuter . moodi 's investor servic inc said it may downgrad 12 billion dlr of chrysler corp and unit debt due to the deal . but the chrysler sourc said that in assum amc' liabil , hi compani will refin at a lower rate ani amc debt that is be carri at `` non-market '' rate . he said there were difficulti in negoti with the previou renault manag on the acquisit becaus they were commit to the group 's busi plan of which amc wa an integr part . `` the new manag did n't have that problem - amc wasn't their babi , '' he said .