japan , u.s. set to begin high-level trade talk japan and the u.s. kick off top-level trade talk tomorrow amid sign offici from both side are grow increasingli irrit with each other . the talk , held annual at sub-cabinet level to review the whole gamut of u.s./japan econom relat , will pave the way for american secretari of state georg schultz 's one day stop-ov here at end-week on hi way home from china . face with grow congression protectionist pressur , the u.s. administr is press japan for speedi action to reduc it still huge trade surplu , u.s. offici said . `` we appreci their frustrat , '' a senior japanes govern offici said . `` but we are also frustrat . '' the offici said the 40 pct rise of the yen over the last 18 month ha hit japan hard , forc export to slash spend and lay off worker to make up for lost sale abroad . that ha not yet shown up in dollar-bas statist on trade , but it will , he said . he said the u.s. administr wa ignor the progress that ha been made and instead emphas the problem that remain when it talk with congress . `` it would onli take five minut to list their accomplish , '' a senior u.s. offici repli . the talk begin tomorrow with high-level discuss on the econom structur of both countri and how they affect the bilater trade imbal , which last year amount to 51.48 billion dlr in japan 's favour . on the follow two day , the topic will rang from multilater trade talk under the auspic of the gener agreement on tariff and trade ( gatt ) to such bilater trade problem as super comput . the structur talk are intend to be free-wheel discuss among senior offici . tomorrow 's topic includ save and invest issu such as consum credit and hous , and the implic of govern budget deficit . these talk come at a particularli delic time for the japanes govern , which is face increas domest pressur to abandon it tight-fist fiscal polici and stimul the sag economi by spend more . some u.s. offici complain japan ha no intent of boost domest demand and import , as washington want . japanes offici in turn point the finger at the huge u.s. budget deficit as one of the main culprit for the trade imbal . that budget deficit ha meant that the u.s. is buy more import . japan seem particularli peev at be singl in a draft trade bill befor the senat as a nation follow adverseri trade practic . `` it condemn japan without due process , '' one japanes offici said . that refer spoil what is otherwis a well-thought-out bill introduc by democrat senat lloyd bentsen , he said . japan is also not total happi with the administration' trade bill , particularli it propos to establish reciproc access to foreign market as one criteria for retaliatori trade action by the u.s. , offici said . nevertheless , japanes offici said they remain in a weak bargain posit , especi with the threat of a trade bill overhang them . `` we have no leverag , '' one offici admit . as a result , tokyo is strive to meet u.s. complaint about it trade practic in a varieti of field , includ super comput . the u.s. is press for greater access to the japanes super comput market . the japanes govern ha sent a long questionnair to public institut like univers which buy the sophist machin in hope of eventu set up inform bid procedur easili understood by all potenti seller , offici said .