econom spotlight - china 's foreign debt up china 's foreign debt reach 27 billion dlr by the end of 1986 , but despit an over-exposur to short-term credit and yen borrow , china remain veri creditworthi with an improv 1987 export outlook , foreign banker and chine offici told reuter . foreign banker said china 's total debt rose sharpli from an estim 20 billion dlr at end-1985 to cover increa import commit but the debt/equ ratio remain low , between eight and 10 pct . china remain a cautiou and popular borrow , they said . zhang haoruo , vice minist of foreign econom relat and trade , said last friday that china sign foreign loan agreement for 6.94 billion dlr last year , 96.6 pct up on 1985 , with actual loan amount to 4.83 billion , up 93 pct . offici said china would borrow 25 to 30 billion dlr in the 1986-90 five year plan period , but foreign banker said they estim foreign loan at 30 to 40 billion . a western banker said china 's portfolio contain too much short-term debt and too much of it is denomin in yen as a result of aggress lend by japan bank and attract low interest rate in the japan market . the strong yen appreci ha cost china dearli and is like to make it reduc new yen borrow , the banker said . a chine trade offici estim the yen compon of the countri 's total debt at about 30 pct . the peke repr of a japan secur hou said the rapid yen rise had caught china and hi firm unawar . `` interest rate in japan are at a histor low , but china , which will remain an activ borrow thi year , is like to go elsewh for capit , to get a better currenc spread , `` he said . the western banker said the excess of short-term loan is in part a result of china 's inexperi in the foreign capit market , which it enter onli in the earli 1980 . `` offici do not think of china but of their own depart or firm . some loan that were enter into did not have the full back of the peopl 's republ of china , `` he said . `` the dilemma for china , in foreign borrow as in other area , is to balanc central control with give reason autonomi to firm . it is search for the mechan to exerci indirect control , `` he said . the banker said offici have stress repeatedli over the past six week that china 's foreign borrow will not be affect by a drive against `` bourgeoi liber , `` a phrase mean western polit idea , follow the dismiss of communist parti chief hu yaobang on januari 16. a u.s. banker said there is no evid that china ' foreign exchang reserv have fallen below the offici state figur of 10 billion dlr . `` the bank of china is both a buyer and a seller in the market , which would know quickli if it wa buy heavili in advanc of an announc the reserv were down , `` he said . the banker said such buy ha not been go on . `` thing are normal . trade deficit such as china had last year and in 1985 are normal for a countri at it stage of develop . `` custom figur show china had a trade deficit of 11.9 billion dlr in 1986 , down from 14 billion in 1985. a ministri of foreign econom relat and trade offici said thi year 's outlook for export , which account for more than 75 pct of foreign exchang earn , is much healthier than a year ago . the renminbi ha match the u.s. dollar fall , he said . it wa quot at 3.72 today , littl chang from 3.7 a year ago . the offici said china ha taken measur to improv it export perform , includ incent offer to export and the establish of export product base . `` we expect higher price for our oil export thi year , `` he ad . offici estim put china 's 1986 export loss from the drop in world oil price at three billion dlr . a western diplomat said china 's foreign debt need care manag but it debt servic ratio remain veri low at six to eight pct . `` we base our assess not on china 's foreign exchang reserv but on it export perform , just as you assess a compani on it perform , not it bank account , `` he said . he said china perform veri well in the export field last year and remain a veri creditworthi countri which will have few difficulti in increa it borrow .