u.s. urg bank to weigh philippin debt plan the u.s. is urg reluct commerci bank to serious consid accept a novel philippin propos for pay it interest bill and believ the innov is fulli consist with it third world debt strategi , a reagan administr offici said . the offici 's comment also suggest that debtor ' plea for interest rate concess should be treat much more serious by the commerci bank , in case where develop nation are carri out genuin econom reform . in addit , he signal that the bank might want to reconsid the idea of a `` megabank , '' where third world debt would be pool , and suggest the administr would support such a plan , even though it wa not formal propos it . at the same time , howev , the offici express reserv that such a scheme would ever get off the ground . the philippin propos , togeth with argentin suggest that `` exit bond '' be issu to end the troublesom role of small bank in the debt strategi , would help to underpin the flag role of privat bank within the plan , the offici said in an interview with reuter . `` all of these thing would fit within the definit of our initi as we have ask it and we think ani novel and uniqu approach such as those should be consid , '' said the offici , who ask not to be name . in octob 1985 , washington outlin a debt crisi strategi under which commerci bank and multilater institut such as the world bank and the intern monetari fund ( imf ) were urg to step up lend to major debtor nation . in return , america call on the debtor countri to enact econom reform promot inflation-fre econom growth . `` the multilater have been perform well , the debtor have been perform well , '' said the offici . but he admit that the largest third world debtor , brazil , wa clearli an except . the offici , who play a key role in develop the u.s. debt strategi and is an administr econom policymak , also said these new idea would help commerci bank improv their role in resolv the third world debt crisi . `` we call at the veri begin for the bank syndic to find procedur or process wherebi they could oper more effect , '' the offici said . among those idea , the offici said , were suggest that commerci bank creat a `` megabank '' which could swap third world debt paper for so-cal `` exit bond '' for bank like region american or european institut . such bond in theori would rid these bank of the need to lend money to their former debtor everi time a new money packag wa assembl , and ha been suggest by argentina in it current negoti for a new loan of 2.15 billion dlr . he emphasis that the `` megabank '' wa not an administr plan but `` someth some peopl have suggest . '' other u.s. offici said japanes commerci bank are examin the creation of a consortium bank to assum third world debt . thi plan , activ under consider , would differ slightli from the one the offici describ . but the offici express deep misgiv that such a plan would work in the unit state . `` if the bank thought that that wa a suitabl way to go , fine . i do n't think they ever will . '' he point out that bank would swap their third world loan for capit in the megabank and might then be reluct to provid new money to debtor through the new institut . meanwhil , the offici prais the philippin plan under which it would make interest payment on it debt in cash at no more than 5/8 pct abov libor . `` the philippin propos is veri interest , it 's quit uniqu and i do n't think it 's someth that should be categor reject out of hand , '' the offici said . bank which found thi level unaccept low would be offer an altern of libor payment in cash and a margin abov that of one pct in the form of philippin invest note . these tradeabl , dollar-denomin note would have a six-year life and if bank swap them for cash befor matur , the countri would guarante a payment of 7/8 point over libor . until now , banker have criticis these spread as far too low . the talk , now in their second week , are aim at stretch out repay of 3.6 billion dlr of debt and grant easier term on 5.8 billion of alreadi reschedul debt . the countri , which ha enjoy strong polit support in washington sinc corazon aquino came to power earli last year , owe an overal 27.8 billion dlr of debt . but the offici deni the plan amount to interest rate capitalis , a develop until now unaccept to the bank . `` it 's no more interest rate capitalis than if you have a write down in the spread over libor from what exist befor , '' the offici said in comment suggest some ought to be grant the rate concess they seek . `` some peopl argu that ( cut the spread ) is debt forgiv ... what it realli is is narrow the spread on new money , '' he ad . he said the u.s. debt strategi is suffici broad as an initi to includ plan like the philippin ' .