veget oil may tighten despit seed surplu lower product of coconut and palm oil could lead to a declin in veget oil stock thi year despit grow suppli of oilse , senior oilse analyst for merril lynch capit market mario balletto said . balletto told a confer of canadian farmer at alberta agricultur 's annual farm outlook confer that the world veget oil situat is one of potenti tight suppli . `` price for edibl oil appear to have more upsid potenti reflect strong world demand and an unpreced declin in the product of tree oil , '' balletto said . balletto estim product of palm , coconut and palm kernel oil thi year at 8.5 mln tonn , down from 9.1 mln tonn last year , enough to offset higher oilse output . he estim total veget oil product thi year at 33.4 mln tonn , up from 33.0 mln last year , and disappear at 34.0 mln tonn , up from 32.6 mln . unless oilse crush increas sharpli , he said , disappear of veget oil could exceed product by 600,000 tonn , the largest deficit sinc 1976 . `` if world protein meal demand stagnat , thu limit the crush of soybean ... the need for seriou suppli ration in the edibl oil sector could develop , '' he said . `` thi would be rel favor for the price of high oil yield seed , '' balletto said . oilse , on the other hand , remain at depress price becaus of burdensom suppli , he said . world end stock of oilse are estim to increas for the fourth straight year to a record 28.4 mln tonn , compar with 25.4 mln last year . the increas should result from lower disappear , as product is expect to fall to 184.0 mln tonn from 185.7 mln last year , he said . world soybean product in 1987 total a record 98.9 mln tonn , up from 90.6 mln the previou year , balletto said , while product of other oilse wa lower . higher soybean product in south america and europ made up for lower product in the unit state , he said . soybean account for the bulk of the surplu , and u.s. stock make up most of those , balletto said . the commod credit corpor own 12.7 mln tonn , about half of the world soybean surplu , he said . sinc 1983-84 , he said , world oilse stock have increas 13.1 mln tonn . `` dure the same period , u.s. soybean stock increas 12.1 mln tonn , becom the dump ground of the entir world surplu , courtesi of the ccc and highlight the artifici high price caus by the u.s. loan program . '' `` soybean price and , to a great extent , world oilse price are like to be domin by the loan program , as long as the u.s. soybean surplu continu . for the 1987 crop , he said , price are like to hover in a rang tie to the u.s. loan program . `` upsid potenti for price is limit by the huge suppli overhang while strong underli support is provid by the u.s. loan rate . '' the problem is like to becom wors as the artifici high price encourag produc in south america , canada and australia to shift from grain to oilse , balletto said .