hungari hope devalu will end trade deficit nation bank of hungari first vice-presid jano feket said he hope a plan eight pct devalu of the forint will spur export and redress last year 's sever trade deficit with the west . feket told reuter in an interview hungari must achiev at least equilibrium on it hard currenc trade . `` it is use to have a devalu , '' he said . `` there is now a real push to our export and a bit of a curb to our import . '' the offici news agenc mti said today hungari would devalu by eight pct and it expect the new rate to be announc later today . feket said the rate would come into effect tomorrow . he said one reason for the devalu wa that hungari had a higher rate of inflat over the past two year than it main partner ( around eight pct in 1985 and between five and 5.5 pct in 1986 ) . thi wa partli an after-effect of action hungari took to prevent inflat from soar dure the oil price shock of the 1970 , he ad . hungari devalu by a similar amount last septemb and by between three and four pct earli last year . but the countri 's hard currenc trade balanc nevertheless fell into a deficit of 539.4 mln dlr from a surplu of 295.3 mln in 1986 and 1.2 billion in 1985. feket said hungari wa hope for a hard currenc trade surplu of between 200 and 300 mln dlr thi year , but that a more like outcom would be closer to equilibrium on total hard currenc trade of around 10 billion dlr . one western commerci attach here said : `` devalu of itself will not chang anyth . it will onli be use if they also make effort to restructur industri and improv the qualiti of their export good . '' feket said he hope to rais credit on good term thi year to invest in restructur industri . it would be hi role to persuad intern bank to cooper in thi process . he note hungari had been given an aa rate enabl it to rais money on the japanes samurai bond market . hungari 's net hard currenc debt soar to 7.79 billion dlr last year from 5.01 billion in 1985 , partli becaus of a current account deficit of 1.42 billion dlr and partli becaus the fall in the dollar increas the dollar valu of debt denomin in mark or yen . he said he fear net debt would also rise slightli thi year , but he wa in favour of borrow for the purpos of modernis . `` i am for credit to invest for that purpos , '' he said . `` i am against credit for consumpt . '' he forecast gross domest product growth of two pct thi year , from one pct in 1986. feket said hungari would continu to restructur it debt profil by prepay high interest shorter and medium term loan with cheaper long term money for which it wa look more and more to the fix interest rate bond market , where he consid rate to be low . hard currenc foreign exchang reserv would stay at around 3.5 billion dlr , he said . on the budget deficit , which tripl to a provision 47 billion forint last year after quadrupl in 1985 , feket said the financ ministri wa work out measur to reduc an approv target deficit for thi year of 43.8 billion forint to between 30 and 35 billion forint .