american express & lt ; axp > view shearson option american express co , rumor to be consid a spinoff of part of shearson lehman brother inc , said it is studi a rang of option for it brokerag unit that could improv shearon 's access to capit and help it meet broaden intern competit . in a joint statement , american express and shearson said the action under consider are an integr part of american express ' worldwid financi servic strategi and that the two compani have been have both intern and extern discuss on the matter . american express said no decis ha been reach on the strateg option and that it and shearson could ultim decid to follow growth plan alreadi in place . last week , rumor circul on wall street that the financi servic giant wa consid a spinoff of part of shearson and there wa specul it may be consid sell a stake to a japanes firm . analyst said the specul also focus on american express sell 20 pct of the profit brokerag firm to the public . there wa some specul that american express had also consid a total spinoff of shearson , but the plan wa consid highli unlik , analyst said . american express said in the statement on sunday that it will not comment on rumor and specul and a spokesman would not go beyond the statement . the compani also remain silent last thursday and friday , as rumor drove american express stock up a total of 5-1/2 dlr in two day to bring it to a friday close at 74. it said it issu the statement on sunday becaus a similar statement wa be circul to employe . analyst have been divid on whether it make sens for american express to give up a stake in the wholly-own brokerag , which improv it after-tax earn by about 50 pct in the last year . some analyst said american express may consid spin off part of shearson becaus it is concern that it stock price doe not fulli reflect the valu of the brokerag firm . shearson contribut 316 mln dlr of american express' 1.25 billion dlr net in 1986. american express ' ambiti plan for intern growth may be also enhanc by the ad cash that spin out part of shearson would bring . analyst specul that all of shearson would have a market valu of about 3.5 billion dlr . to some howev , the need for ad capit is puzzl . `` ( american ) express is in a posit where they can rais capit if they need to , '' said larri eckenfeld of prudential-bach secur . analyst said rumor were fed by the reorgan of shearson manag wednesday . chief oper offic jeffrey lane got the ad , previous vacant , post of presid . the reorgan also creat four new posit for chairmen of shearson 's oper divis , a move analyst specul would allow shearson to be a stand alon compani . analyst , contact on sunday said the statement doe littl to clarifi last week 's market specul . it doe confirm , howev , that the financi servic firm , which unsuccess attempt to expand shearson with a major acquisit last year , is look beyond it own wall for growth and posit in the global market competit . late last year , shearson 's takeov offer to the e.f. hutton group inc wa reject by hutton , and analyst said there had been specul that shearson also wa rebuf when it approach anoth major wall street brokerag .