nation save move point to lower u.k. rate u.k. interest rate look set to move lower even after monday 's half-point cut in bank base rate to 10-1/2 pct , analyst said , cite as evid the suspens of a british nation save issu yesterday . the depart of nation save , effect a treasuri depart unit , yesterday suspend it 32nd issu , launch in octob and pay a high tax-fre 8-3/4 pct on five-year privat invest between 25 and 5,000 stg . a spokesman said the suspens wa just a reaction to yield on nation save bond be way out of line with the rest of the market . the move wa follow by a surpris sell-out within minut today of a bank of england one-billion stg tap issu , the second such issu in as mani week , analyst note . they said the near-inst sale of the entir new gilt issu , for which the bank of england had requir a high 40 pct downpay , wa clear evid that the market thought rate had to drop sooner rather than later . the sale of the tranch of 8-3/4 pct treasuri bond due 1997 occur in an activ , bullish gilt market as downward pressur on money market rate remain intact , with the bellweth three-month interbank rate down 1/8 point at 10-9-7/8 pct . it coincid with anoth strong sterl ralli which push the pound to four-year high against the dollar . `` that govern stock disappear veri quickli inde , '' said stephen lewi , head of econom research at stockbrok phillip and drew ; `` it is an indic that the market believ rate are go to fall further ... at least by a half-point immedi after the budget ( on march 17 ) , and some peopl hope for more . '' stockbrok jame capel said in a comment the move by the nation save depart wa `` of consider signific . '' it said , `` the real messag ... is that the deck are be quickli clear so as to facilit a speedi decis by the build societi to cut their rate when the inevit cut in bank base rate to 10 pct materialis . '' build societi have said a drop in bank base rate would normal have to exceed half a point to give rise to a reduct in mortgag lend rate . lewi of phillip and drew said he too believ the nation save issu suspens may reflect new u.k. treasuri polici to point build societi toward a mortgag rate cut . `` nation save ha been compet too effect with the build societi of late . build societi incom ha been depress in recent month , '' he said . he and other analyst said chancellor of the exchequ nigel lawson wa keen to see mortgag rate fall to keep a lid on u.k. inflat . underli upward pressur on price is stronger in britain than in most other western economi with inflat seen rise well abov four pct thi year and abov five pct in 1988 after last year 's 3.7 pct . emphasis the impact of mortgag rate on consum price , lewi said a one-point cut in build societi rate would reduc inflat in britain by about 0.4 pct . but lewi and other note that build societi had been complain to the govern about intens competit from nation save , which they argu reduc the scope for earli mortgag rate cut . `` the chancellor need not be worri about lose some psbr fund from nation save , but he must be take the build societi ' critic to heart . it look like the nation save move reflect thi , '' one senior dealer said . a save depart spokesman refus to comment on thi interpret , say the suspens of the issu wa mere a reaction to the recent fall in u.k. interest rate , which had push yield on nation save bond way out of line with the rest of the market . `` we are not polit motiv ... fund wa just becom too expens and we do n't need all that money , '' he told reuter , ad the depart had suspend issu at least twice in the past , when offer interest rate were abov or below market rate . he said demand for the issu had risen sharpli of late as u.k. money market rate continu their steadi declin and incom wa threaten to overshoot an unoffici three billion stg target set for fiscal 1986 end march 31. in the first 10 month of fiscal 1986 , nation saving' contribut to govern fund total 2.72 billion stg , compar with 2.01 billion stg in the same period of the previou year , offici figur show . figur for februari , out on monday , are expect to show a further increas of between 300 and 400 mln stg , push the total for 11 month abov target , govern offici said .