brazil 's sarney meet strike with show of forc with troop in place in brazil ' port and oil instal , the govern of prersid jose sarney today sought to end a wave of labour unrest by a show of forc . yesterday the govern sent thousand of troop support in some instanc by tank to occupi nine oil refineri and six area of oil product . the state-oil compani petrobra request the interv becau of a threaten strike by 55,000 oil industri employ . the govern had alreadi dispatch more than 1,000 marin to occupi the countri 's main port after a nation seamen 's strike wa rule illeg last friday . the strike by 40,000 seamen , now in it 13th day , repr a stern challeng to the govern . the stoppag ha delay export at a time when brazil desper need foreign exchang . it wa a deterior in the countri 's trade balanc which precipit brazil 's current debt crisi and the deci on februari 20 to suspend interest payment on 68 billion dlr of commerci debt . there wa no sign today of an earli end to the seamen ' strike , which ha badli hit the port of santo -- the most import in south america -- and the countri 's other main port . small group of marin arm with submachinegun stand on the quay near the strike-bound ship , but the militari presenc here is gener discreet . a total of 800 marin are insid the dock but most are out of sight . yesterday marin and polic occupi one ship , the docemart , seamen 's leader said . after explain to the captain that the striker face up to one year in jail becau the strike wa illeg , the men return to work . one of the strike leader , elmano barbosa , said `` it is a psycholog war . they are use forc and we are use peac method . `` port sourc said onli two brazilian ship in santo , the docemart and the henriqu leal , were work . at the seamen 's nation strike headquart in rio de janeiro , spokesmen say a total of about 190 ship are strike-bound in brazil and in foreign port . contradict earlier report from strike headquart in rio de janeiro , seamen in santo said the striker on board ship here were not run out of food . the current labour unrest is the worst face by sarney ' civilian govern sinc it came to power two year ago . yesterday , in a separ protest , hundr of thousand of farmer held ralli direct larg against high bank interest rate . the current rash of labour unrest in industri and agricultur stem from the failur of the govern ' now-collap cruzado plan price freez .