south korea to maintain trade surplu 3-5 year south korean trade minist rha woong bae said hi nation would maintain a trade surplu for three to five year as a way to cut it foreign debt . he said in an interview with reuter that after a few year it wa like south korea would drop barrier to foreign good and move toward a more balanc trade posit . he said the present trade surplu wa vital if hi nation wa to reduc it 44.5 billion dlr foreign debt . rha said that 1986 wa the first year south korea had a trade surplu - 4.5 billion dlr , against a 1985 deficit of 900 mln dlr . ask if south korea would drop it trade barrier onc it foreign debt wa substanti reduc , he said `` ye , i think so . '' rha made hi remark at the end of a two-week trade mission here dure which a team he led agre to buy u.s. product valu at 1.8 billion dlr . about 800 mln dlr of the purchas are in good of the type south korea normal bought from japan . rha wa to leav later today for ottawa for trade talk with canadian offici and businessmen . he said in the interview the u.s. purchas were to reduc hi countri 's 7.1 billion dlr surplu with the unit state and also to cut it 5.6 billion dlr shortfal with japan . rha said it wa also due to a shift in exchang rate between the u.s. dollar and the yen that made it cheaper to buy u.s. good than japanes good . he said south korea heavili reli on foreign trade and he hope the leader of major trade nation could find a way to resolv the grow trend toward protectionist legisl . rha said `` i hope the leader can get togeth to find a solut by make some mutual satisfactori concess . '' but he ad `` the leader seem hesit to make concess becaus of domest polit reason . '' speak of hi own countri , he said `` we have made a lot of concess alreadi . '' he cite regul permit foreign invest in industri firm , allow increas foreign bank activ and crack down on piraci of intellectu properti by strengthen protect of copyright and patent . rha said south korea had also lower mani of it tariff . ask if south korea would retali against u.s. good if congress close u.s. market to it product , he said `` at thi moment , we have no thought of retali . '' south korea is a major export to the unit state of textil and apparel and electron good , such as televis set , video cassett record and person comput . it puchas from the unit state includ electron test equip and grain and cotton . the trade mission 's purchas here includ three boe passeng plane for 400 mln dlr , four mcdonnel dougla plane for 300 mln dlr ; and machineri worth 725 mln dlr .