hugh & lt ; ht > approv merger with baker & lt ; bko > an overwhelm major of hugh tool co sharehold approv a merger agreement with baker intern corp base on revi term that allow the compani addit time to sell a drill bit busi as requir by the u.s. justic depart . hugh chairman william kistler said the revi term of the propo consent decr also set a 10 mln dlr cap on how much fund the newli combin compani will have to spend on the disput drill bit busi until it is sold . an earlier propo consent decr did not establish a fund limit . the baker-hugh merger , which would would creat a 1.2 billion dlr oilfield servic compani , almost fell through earlier thi month when hugh balk at term of a propo justic depart consent decr that would have given the compani onli three month to find a buyer for the reed busi . baker said today it would withdraw the one billion dlr lawsuit it had file to forc hugh to follow through with the merger . hugh ' kistler , speak to report after 85 pct of hugh ' sharehold approv the merger , said the revi term of the agreement give the compani six month to find a buyer for the reed drill bit busi . the previou agreement had propo a three-month period . kistler said the the govern had also indic it would consid grant , if necessari , an addit three-month exten to complet the sale . he said there were `` sever peopl look `` at the domest drill bit busi . the compani , kistler said , have also decid to voluntarili sell a reed plant in singapor . kistler estim that the merger , which should be complet in about two week , will result in annual cost save of about 50 mln dlr . he said he expect `` substanti cutback `` in the 20,000-member workforc at baker-hugh inc , the name the merg compani will take . kistler said the cost save and greater effici should put the compani on a profit cour . `` we think that in the third or fourth quarter after the merger we should see someth close to breakeven , `` he said . in the fourth quarter of 1986 , hugh earn 31.7 mln dlr on sale of 215.7 mln dlr . baker , in it first fiscal quarter end decemb 31 , lost 34.2 mln dlr on revenu of 297.7 mln dlr .