u.s. hous panel take first trade bill vote hous trade lawmak took their first vote on measur design to toughen u.s. trade law but held over until tomorrow the most difficult vote on controversi plan to protect american industri . meet in close session , the hous way and mean trade subcommitte fail to resolv one of the most sensit issu in the bill -- whether they will forc major foreign trade partner to sever cut their trade surplus with the unit state . the subcommitte is consid a toned-down version of democratic-sponsor trade legisl that aim to open foreign market but which drop last year 's effort to forc presid reagan to retali with quota or tariff . congression aid who ask not to be identifi said the lawmak intend to wrap up their propos tomorrow and will consid a propos to mandat retali without set specif trade penalti . the legisl face anoth hurdl in the full way and mean committe next week befor the full hous vote on it . rep. richard gephardt , a missouri democrat who is seek hi parti 's 1988 presidenti nomin , said he may offer an amend to call for reduct in the trade surplus of those countri with barrier to import of u.s. good . thi would be a moder version of hi earlier plan to forc a mandatori ten per cent annual cut in the trade surplu with the unit state by japan , south korea , taiwan , west germani and other countri with the largest trade imbal . `` my criteria for a good amend set a standard for get the trade deficit down , '' he told report . the trade law chang are to becom part of a major congression and administr effort to turn around the record u.s. trade deficit of 169 billion dlr last year by open up foreign market and make u.s. product more competit . hous speaker jame wright , a texa democrat , said again today he expect the full hous will approv the trade bill by may and that reagan will accept the final congression bill . `` i expect whatev is report ( by the way and mean committe ) will pass . we will have a good bill and an effect bill , '' he told report . the comprehens trade bill will includ work by other committe to eas export control on high technolog , to aid u.s. worker displac by foreign competit , to stimul research and develop , to remov foreign trade barrier and to improv educ and worker train . the lawmak agre that for the first time a u.s. industri could charg foreign produc with unfair competit if they deni basic worker right such as collect bargain , safeti rule and payment of a minimum wage appropri to the countri 's econom develop . they transfer to u.s. trade repres clayton yeutter the power now held by reagan to decid whether to retali against foreign violat of fair trade rule and whether an injur industri deserv import relief . they agre to make it easier for a compani to get temporari relief from import competit but agre the industri should provid a plan to becom competit . the administr ha not announc it support but yeutter said yesterday , `` i am cautious optimist , '' that the democratic-l hous will come up with an accept bill .