soviet minist say trade boost up to french soviet first deputi prime minist vsevolod murakhovski said at the end of a brief visit here hi countri want to boost joint busi with franc , but that a reduct of franc 's trade deficit with the soviet union depend on the french . murakhovski , who is also chairman of the state agro-industri committe ( gosagroprom ) , told a news confer he had discuss a varieti of possibl deal with french compani rhone-poulenc , pechiney and imec . declin to put figur on possibl contract he said he had discuss plant protect and the process of highli sulphur ga with rhone-poulenc , packag technolog for agricultur product with pechiney , and fruit and veget juic process with imec . an offici for pechiney said an agreement of intent on packag could be sign soon , but could not give ani other detail . the other two compani were not immedi avail for comment . ask whether he foresaw a reduct thi year of france' trade shortfal , at 7.6 billion franc in the first 11 month of 1986 against 5.1 billion for the whole of 1985 , murakhovski told reuter : `` it all depend on franc . '' at a meet in pari last januari french and soviet foreign trade minist said they were commit to increas effort to reduc the deficit . estim at the time show a french 190 mln franc surplu for decemb 1986. murakhovski said the soviet union wa prepar to talk with anybodi with `` interest '' propos offer latest technolog and assur `` a mutual advantag . '' he said the soviet union had mani task ahead of it and would deal rapidli with propos it consid interest . he encourag compani to take advantag of new law guarante `` the interest of foreign partner '' in joint ventur . but he said no agreement had yet been finalis under the new joint ventur law . he said concret deal had not yet been finalis as a result of a one billion dollar accord sign in moscow last month with french businessman jean-baptist doumeng . he said doumeng 's interagra compani wa prepar propos for further examin by the soviet union . doumeng last month said the agreement wa to exchang one billion dollar worth of good . murakhovski said the agreement wa one of intent , and design primarili to renew and increas the soviet union' food product capac .