econom spotlight - mitsubishi heavi fight back intern effort to redirect japan ' export-driven economi toward domest consumpt face heavi go if the countri 's largest defenc contractor and world ' biggest shipbuild is anyth to go by . mitsubishi heavi industri ltd & lt ; mith.t > ( mhi ) , which began make ship and iron good for japan 's militari ruler 130 year ago , is respond to the strong yen by redoubl it effort to maintain it share of export market . `` if we sell the best qualiti and the cheapest product , everyon will buy them , `` mhi presid yotaro iida said . although two of mhi 's main busi , shipbuild and power plant construct , have been hit hard by the yen 's 40 pct rise against the dollar , the compani ha no plan to abandon them , iida told reuter in an interview . it other big activ , aircraft compon manufactur , ha perform so well that mhi now account for half of the money tokyo spend on defenc procur each year . `` we have made the utmost effort among the world ' manufactur to improv product , `` he said . `` you may be surpri if you come to see our plant . the outsid is old but the insid is ultra-modern , with robot and comput . `` secur analyst at major secur hou agr that mhi ha pare cost more quickli than it competitor . the compani ha slash it workforc to 47,000 from 86,000 in 1976. despit it cost-cut , mhi expect profit to drop 40 pct to 30 billion yen in the current fiscal year end march 31 , from 1985/86 's record 50.14 billion . and that includ gain from the sale of mhi 's stake in mitsubishi motor corp & lt ; mimt.t > for 49 billion yen . iida is optimist about the futur , howev . he said a resurg of demand from the middl east follow the recent recoveri in oil price coupl with persist demand for power plant in develop countri will help mhi restor it exports-to-s ratio to the past decad 's averag of 30 pct . mhi 's exports-to-s ratio fell to 25.9 pct in the half-year end last septemb , from 35 to 36 pct five year ago . china is the most promi market , although mhi also consid other non-oil-produc develop countri as major custom . `` our custom are all seen as be in troubl due to a lack of foreign currenc , `` iida said . but he ad that he felt mhi could sell to those market with japan govern financ support . it can also financ the plant itself and recov it invest through product sale , a strategi iida said could prove popular in the futur . in ship , mhi is fight back against low-pric south korean competit by build more technolog advanc carrier to carri liquefi natur ga and other product difficult to transport . shipbuild associ offici told reuter mhi is the world 's largest shipbuild in term of order and capac . domest , mhi is involv in 12 nation project , includ develop of nuclear fusion reactor and launch vehicl for man-mad satellit . it ha been the biggest contractor for the japan defenc agenc 's f-15 and f-14 jet fighter and missil , although all of these have been built under licenc from u.s. firm . mhi is now head up five japan compani seek to develop the countri 's own fighter plane to replac the current use f-1 support fighter in the late 1990 . militari expert said washington is put strong pressur on tokyo to buy a u.s. plane , either the mcdonnel dougla corp f-18 or gener dynam corp f-16 , to reduc japan 's huge trade surplu with the u.s. `` it might be a good idea to jointli produc plane with u.s. maker as japan is support by the u.s. defenc umbrella , `` iida said . mhi also plan to cooper with the u.s. in it strateg defenc initi space defenc program by particip in the project when it move from the research stage , he said . the u.s. ha been seek japan 's technolog support . in fiscal 1985/86 , aircraft account for 17.1 pct of mhi ' sale , shipbuild 17 pct and power plant 27.9 pct . iida said the ideal ratio is power plant 30 pct , aircraft and special vehicl 25 pct and shipbuild 15 pct . as for the remain 30 pct , iida said he want to shift the domest focu away from heavi machineri sold to manufactur and toward household good , but he declin to specifi which product . `` by the end of thi year , you may find our brand name on your daili product , although thi doe not mean we will run away from our mainstream busi , `` he said .