saudi bank face further lean period saudi arabia 's 11 commerci bank are report a further declin in profit for 1986 as increa provi have to be set asid to cover the burden of non- perform loan . banker in the saudi capit said the need to build reserv for bad and doubt debt may start to declin a littl thi year . but the kingdom 's still sluggish economi and legal problem hamper tradit lend oper mean earn will remain vulner . one senior bank credit offic said `` the work is larg done in term of identifi bad loan and make provi , but bank are still go to face difficulti earn money . `` the sudden declin of saudi arabia 's corpor sector in 1983 - culmin in a number of debt reschedul - ha taken a heavi toll of bank profit , with first result now appear for 1986 show a fourth success year of broad declin . the cumul net 1985 earn of the kingdom 's bank had sunk to 827.9 mln riyal from 2.66 billion in 1982 befor world oil price tumbl . of the kingdom 's nine joint-ventur bank which oper on the gregorian calendar year , four have alreadi report and reveal a further profit declin - or net loss - for 1986 at the expen of increa provi . the newest and smallest of the joint ventur , & lt ; unit saudi commerci bank > ( uscb ) report a 1986 net loss of 15.9 mln riyal , margin less than 1985 's shortfal of 17.0 mln . profit befor provi were sharpli higher , in part reflect an 18 pct staff cut last year . but the bank nearli trebl the amount set asid against bad and doubt loan to 60 mln riyal from 22 mln in 1985. other result relea so far show & lt ; saudi american bank > ( samba ) report a 53.8 pct fall in 1986 net profit to 80.7 mln riyal , while & lt ; al bank al saudi al fransi > , known as saudi french , slid 14 pct to 94.9 mln riyal . both saudi american , own 40 pct by citicorp 's & lt ; cci.n > citibank na and saudi french , 40 pct own by banqu indosuez , increa provi sharpli . & lt ; arab nation bank > 's net profit fell 17.8 pct to 152.1 mln riyal and provi were more than doubl to 86.6 mln riyal . banker said there are first sign that the number of non- perform loan ha stop grow as the declin in the saudi economi bottom out . few are will to predict a sharp upturn in econom activ , but one banker said `` the top 50 pct of the saudi bank are now at or close to intern level on provi . `` from 1982 to 1985 , the kingdom 's largest bank & lt ; nation commerci bank > ( ncb ) stash away 1.7 billion riyal in provi or 8.9 pct of it total loan and advanc to the privat sector , banker calcul . between 1982 and 1985 , & lt ; riyad bank > , ncb 's rival as the second biggest of the two all-saudi sharehold bank , had cover 12.8 pct of it loan and advanc . both bank oper on an islam year that doe not coincid with the other nine . although the saudi arabian monetari agenc ( sama ) ha been tighten supervi , there is still no standardi rule for declar loan as non-perform . banker say thi make comparison of profit figur difficult becau some bank still book non-accru interest as revenu while other follow more conserv practic in forc in major world financ centr . banker gener said ncb , riyad bank and the joint-ventur samba , saudi french and arab nation bank rank as the strongest earner . other bank such as & lt ; saudi british bank > , 40 pct own by the & lt ; british bank of the middl east > , are disadvantag by a rel low deposit base . saudi british slash 1985 profit 91 pct to just 9.1 mln riyal and 1986 account due soon are expect to show anoth low figur . but the bank ha tradit been one of the most conserv in make provi . banker said sama ha prove it is not prepar to see a saudi bank go under and not onli support & lt ; saudi cairo bank > after it troubl 1985 account came to light but also made avail cheap deposit to & lt ; saudi invest bank > and uscb . the bank can on-lend these to gener profit , but gener bank are awash with liquid sinc they are unwil to risk incur fresh non-perform loan . and while bank in more liber financ market can attempt to diversifi away from tradit lend , conservat in saudi bank ha made it difficult to gener fee incom from new invest bank product . one banker said `` oper earn in the kingdom are not good . `` reflect the caution in new lend , the amount of advanc is show a declin trend , while the day when bank had ampl fund in interest-fr current account to invest are disappear as saudi custom seek a better return on their money . in 1979 , the ratio of interest-bear account to current account wa 27 to 73 pct . today , onli about 40 pct of custom fund are held on current account .