indonesia press for compromis over coffe indonesian coffe export are prepar for a period of depress price while urg their govern to lobbi for a resolut of the deadlock issu of export quota , the chairman of the associ of indonesian coffe export ( aic ) told reuter . dharyono kertosastro said in an interview that indonesia , the world 's third largest produc , is trim cost and improv it market while seek a compromis on quota . `` but as long as brazil stick to it hardlin posit , we can never bridg the gap , '' dharyono said . indonesia wa one of a group of eight produc countri , along with costa rica , the dominican republ , ecuador , hondura , india , papua new guinea and peru , which propos a new quota system at last month 's fail intern coffe organist ( ico ) talk in london . brazil , which would have had it quota reduc under the group of eight scheme , block the propos . aic offici are now hope colombia can use it contact with brazil to suggest a compromis . edward muda , an aic offici who attend the ico negoti , said latin american member of the group of eight were in contact with colombia , the world 's second largest produc , but gave no detail . `` colombia ha shown interest becaus they will gain from a compromis . without one , they will suffer if the present market stay like it is , '' muda said . he said indonesia wa in contact with consum such as the u.s. , japan , the netherland , west germani and canada ahead of an ico execut board meet schedul for april 1. dharyono said the aic will send deleg to the u.s. and japan to brief indonesian embassi offici there and press them to present indonesia 's case more firmli . he urg the indonesian govern to do more to help the countri 's coffe trader through the ico negoti . muda said the group of eight had some common ground with the big consum becaus they agre on the need for base quota on what he term `` realist criteria . '' the breakaway group believ the old quota system , which give brazil a 30 pct share of the quota export , doe not reflect up-to-d suppli and demand trend . brazil ha stuck rigidli to it insist that the old system be appli . export quota were suspend in februari 1986 when market price surg becaus of the failur of the brazilian crop . although price have long sinc come down to a point where export control could be reintroduc , produc and consum at the 75-member ico have not been abl to agre on new guidelin . brazil and the u.s. , the largest consum , are both refus to alter their posit . dharyono said if new quota are not agre he believ indonesia wa well place to surviv low price . indonesian farmer are trim product cost and the aic is improv it market system , dharyono said . indonesia 's coffe output in 1986/87 , end septemb 30 , is expect to stagnat or fall slightli from last year 's level of 360,000 tonn , he said . he said stock , at 90,000 tonn , were about averag for the time of year .