taiwan clamp new control on currenc inflow taiwan 's new control on currenc inflow , implement today , are a desper bid to stem a flood of specul money prompt by the local currenc surg against the u.s. dollar , local and foreign banker said . the central bank now ha to clear remitt exceed one mln u.s. dlr earn from export , ship and insur and bank lend plu remitt of more than 10,000 dlr from ani other sourc . petit have to show their remitt relat to genuin commerci transact . meanwhil , trader are no longer requir to report all outward payment concern invi trade , includ freight , insur and royalti , to the central bank . but banker said they believ the new control would be ineffect sinc businessmen could split up remitt into smaller unit or simpli remit money through taiwan ' flourish currenc black market . the banker said the control , announc on march 6 , are a panic reaction to u.s. pressur , which ha intensifi over the past week , for a faster appreci of the taiwan dollar to slow the growth of taiwan 's export to the u.s. the govern ha deni local press report washington is press for an exchang rate of up to 28 dlr . the taiwan dollar open four cent up today at 34.70 . `` i do n't think the central bank ha a final target , `` said an execut with a u.s. bank . other banker and economist said they are wari of make ani firm predict about how far the taiwan dollar will rise . taiwan 's trade surplu with the u.s. hit 13.6 billion u.s. dlr last year against 10.2 billion in 1985. the surplu widen in the first two month of the year to 2.35 billion dlr from 1.87 billion in the same period last year . economist estim up to five billion dlr in specul money flow into taiwan in 1986. thi inflow help boost foreign exchang reserv to more than 51 billion dlr from just under 25 billion thi time last year and provid further upward pressur on the currenc . the taiwan dollar ha appreci by almost 15 pct against the u.s. currenc sinc septemb 1985 , further encourag specul . central bank governor chang chi-cheng said last week washington 's pressur plu rise foreign exchang reserv meant a further strengthen in the currenc is inevit . mani local banker argu the onli effect solut to the currenc problem is to drop foreign exchang control and allow the local dollar to find it own level . `` lift exchang control is the final answer , but the central bank is not prepar to do it . it simpli doe not want to take the risk , `` said one local banker . he said he believ the new restrict are a temporari measur design to buy time as the central bank grappl with the exchang rate problem . the restrict are a bureaucrat imposit and skirt around the real issu , he said . taiwan need a fundament restructur of foreign exchang control , said an execut with a western bank . `` the control will creat more paperwork , but the extra bank charg will not outweigh the profit of specul , `` said the manag of a european bank . economist critici the control , say they could antagoni washington , which is push for further econom liberali in taiwan . `` instead of liberali outflow , the govern ha restrict inflow , `` said kate newman , an economist with vicker da costa . a local banker , who declin to be name , said , `` it ' basic ridicul . it 's a backward movement and goe against the govern 's liberali programm . `` taiwan last year ea some of it financ regul to enabl taiwan nation to invest in foreign govern bond , treasuri bill and certif of deposit and to allow individu to take 5,000 u.s. dlr in cash out of the countri each year .