australia expect rise in meat export to mideast australia expect meat and livestock export to the middl east to maintain an upward trend thi year , manag director of the australian meat and livestock corp , peter frawley , said . he told reuter an improv in the econom climat and less competit from the european commun should lead in the gulf area to higher beef sale , which drop from 33,000 tonn in 1980 to just 2,300 tonn last year . `` in the last three to four month there ha been a resurg of inquiri , `` he said . frawley is on a gulf tour which will also take him to saudi arabia , the unit arab emir and kuwait to assess market potenti . on beef export , he said a 50 pct drop in european commun interv stock in the past 12 month would help australian sale . the fall meant the ec wa not as aggress in these market , where the australian trade wa the natur sourc of suppli , and australia wa `` now back in , `` frawley said . he said there wa a debat in australia as to whether the middl east market for livestock , which account for two-third of meat export valu to the area , would be maintain . he believ the trade would remain with a continu demand for fresh meat . the number of live sheep ship last year to saudi arabia , the biggest singl market , wa 3,214,159 compar with 2,939,226 in 1985. the number ship to the unit arab emir and bahrain fell , howev . frawley said the slacken in demand in the gulf had been offset by other arab countri around the mediterranean . other than livestock , australia 's over meat sale to the middl east rose to 72,374 tonn in 1986 from 52,403 tonn the previou year , larg due to the sale of 25,790 tonn of mutton and lamb to iran . australia sold 9,824 tonn to iran in 1985 after be virtual exclud by new zealand competit for sever year . frawley said the 1986 sale contract had includ a barter provi , but iran had paid in full in cash . negoti with the iranian for 1987 shipment were current under way , with iran again seek credit and barter provi , he said . frawley said there had been a tremend growth in demand for chill lamb in the last four to five year and he predict thi would continu . `` the middl east , and the gulf in particular , is now australia 's largest market for lamb , chill and flown in . australia is in an ideal posit to provid the suppli if the market is will to pay a premium for a fresh , young product , `` he said .