canada leader fail to set pact on free trade prime minist brian mulroney said he held `` frank '' discuss with the canadian provinc premier on the pace of free trade talk with the unit state , but the longstand issu of provinci ratif remain to be settl . speak to report after nearli five hour of meet with the 10 premier , mulroney said further discuss would be held in june and septemb to discuss the role of the provinc in approv ani new trade deal . but he maintain progress wa be made in the sweep talk with the unit state that got under nearli two year ago . `` it appear reason progress is be made ( in the talk ) , '' mulroney said . alberta premier don getti agre , `` thing are run pretti quickli now . '' the talk , launch by mulroney 's progress conserv govern after concern about protectionist sentiment in the u.s. , are aim reduc the remain barrier between the world 's largest trade partnership . but the provinc are expect to play a major role in ani new trade arrang , and some of the provinci leader complain of a lack of progress on reach a ratif formula . `` it 's my view that we should be think about these thing right now , along with the question of the substanc of the agreement , '' comment ontario premier david peterson , who ha been highli critic of the talk in the past . but newfoundland premier brian peckford said an agreement wa more like to emerg by consensu and there would be no need for a `` hard and fast formula . '' peckford said it appear canada is prepar to make concess to the unit state on financi servic in order to make inroad on other bargain area , such as agricultur . canadian publish report , quot govern sourc , say the two countri are close to reach a trade deal and it will involv elimin border tariff and mani non-tariff barrier over the next 10 to 12 year . a rough draft of the accord is expect to be present to the premier at the june meet while the finish document is hope to be present to congress in octob . `` it 's a veri tight time frame , '' ontario 's peterson said last night . `` but at thi moment it is tough to say what will transpir . ''