most japan firm not renew iran term contract most japanes compani have decid not to renew term contract to lift iranian crude oil becaus spot price remain consider lower than opec 's offici level , industri sourc said . they said a cargo of the mideast benchmark crude dubai trade yesterday at 16.50 dlr a barrel , compar to it offici price of 17.42 dlr . onli one japanes compani ha renew it term contract for iranian crude oil for the second quarter , the sourc said . the sourc said japanes compani had been lift a total of about 185,000 barrel per day ( bpd ) of iranian crude under term contract , but onli one firm ha agre to lift in the second quarter . it is lift just 10,000 to 15,000 bpd . they said thi move could inspir iran to offer discount on cargo load in april , but the likelihood of discount depend larg on the level of spot price . `` if the spot price of dubai goe abov 17.30 dlr we would probabl buy iranian crude at the offici price , '' one japanes refin said . `` we do n't intend to put pressur on them , '' he ad . buyer have littl incent to renew contract to lift oil at offici opec price while spot price on all grade are consider lower , oil trader said . they said if spot price move higher there will be no problem find opec crude to purchas at the offici price . qatar ha charter float storag for it crude oil after find no buyer at offici price in march . the problem is like to recur in april , ad to that countri 's surplu . the trader ad that iraq had dissoci itself from opec 's decemb product agreement , while agre to the fix price . but oil analyst said if opec keep group output close to it first-half 1987 ceil of 15.8 mln bpd , suppli and demand would be balanc by the end of the second quarter . they also said if opec hold it offici price structur base on a refer price of 18 dlr , spot price fluctuat should be limit to a 16.50 to 17.20 dlr rang for dubai and a 17 to 18 dlr rang for the north sea 's brent blend . one japanes refin said , `` at the moment there 's a lot of pressur on opec , particularli on qatar . but if they hold out there will be no problem , and i 'm begin to trust their abil . '' nigerian oil minist and opec presid rilwanu lukman told a news confer in lago yesterday , `` nigeria and all member countri of opec remain determin to uphold the decemb agreement by adher strictli to their variou quota and offici sell price . '' he said opec believ consum had drawn heavili on stock of both crude oil and refin product , reduc them to level well below thi time last year . he said consum would soon return to the market in search of crude . a japanes refin said , `` the european and u.s. market are begin to look better so opec might be quit lucki . ''