british telecom cautiou on earn prospect british telecommun plc 's & lt ; bty.l > profit growth prospect for the come year will be reduc by increas competit and continu cost for replac old telephon system , deputi chairman graem odger said . speak at a news confer on the third quarter result which were releas earlier today , odger said the compani face heavi cost for instal new digit telephon system in britain for three to five year . he said & lt ; mercuri commun ltd > , a cabl and wireless plc & lt ; cawl.l > subsidiari , wa becom a signific competitor . odger said mercuri wa seek to make inroad into some of british telecom 's most profit area . one compani offici privat estim that british telecom still had a 99 pct share of the u.k. telecommun market but fear that thi could slip to 95 or 90 pct . the recent two-and-a-half-week engin strike , which lead to some disrupt in servic , could well have encourag client to consid use the mercuri system , odger said . howev , he forecast that the last quarter 's result overal should not be advers affect by the walkout . he calcul salari save as a result of the strike at 50 mln stg and while loss of incom on telephon call should be limit revenu probabl drop on peripher activ . but on balanc odger said that group 's financi strength , economi of scale and the fact that it oper in a growth industri will help produc annual profit increas for the forseeabl futur . british telecom will also seek to expand into manufactur , he said , ad that research and develop expenditur will rise both in term of valu and compar with the current proport of two pct of overal turnov . analyst said the compani 's downbeat forecast help share dip to 242p in mid-afternoon , down 4p from yesterday' close and off an earli high of 248p . philip augar of stockbrok wood mackenzi and co ltd said the market expect slower profit growth , but forecast a seven to eight pct rise in both earn per share and pretax profit over the next two year . in the 1985/86 financi year , pre-tax profit rose to 1.81 billion stg from 1.48 billion . augar note that a government-impos formula link charg to inflat meant that the compani 's scope for rais price wa limit as long as inflat remain low .