investor to rai cyclop & lt ; cyl > tender price cyacq corp , an investor group bid for cyclop corp , said it would rai it outstand tender offer price for cyclop common to 92.50 dlr a share from 80 dlr , if certain condit were met . the increa offer would exceed the 90.25 dlr a share price offer by dixon group plc in a tender offer for cyclop that is part of a definit agreement to acquir the pittsburgh-ba maker of carbon tool and specialti steel product . cyacq includ audio/video affili inc and citicorp capit investor ltd and other investor . cyclop ha about 4.1 mln share outstand . for the tender price to be rai , cyclop must provid cyacq with all non-publ inform provid to dixon group and cyacq must be satisfi with financ project made in offer materi by dixon base on the inform , cyacq said . addit , dixon group 's right to buy cyclop common and it right to fee or expen if the dixon-cyclop merger agreement is broken must be rescind , cyacq said . cyacq said financ project it develop for cyclop were materi lower than the financ project provid by cyclop to dixon group . a cyclop spokeswoman said the compani had no detail of the new cyacq propo and could not comment . `` we have noth in hand , `` she said . in addit to make specialti metal product , cyclop also oper about 115 specialti store that sell consum electron product . the store are locat in 17 state concentr in the northeast , northwest and southwest . cyclop employ about 8,900 peopl in pennsylvania , ohio and other state . it also ha interest in non-residenti construct . in 1986 , cyclop earn 21.3 mln dlr or 5.26 dlr a share on sale of 1.5 billion dlr , compar to 1985 earn of 26.2 mln dlr or 6.20 dlr on sale of 1.4 billion , the spokeswoman said . the agreement with dixon group call for cyclop 's steel and construct busi to be sold to a unit of alleghani corp & lt ; y > for about 110 mln dlr onc the merger is complet . a cyacq spokesman said the new condit tender price would be all cash . he had no comment on whether cyacq plan to withdraw it current offer , which is schedul to expir midnight on march six . dixon group 's offer extend to march 17 .