wildlif unit propos alaska refug oil studi the nation wildlif feder reject an interior depart draft plan to open wilder land in northern alaska to oil and ga explor . the feder , the nation 's largest conserv group , said further studi wa need to assess ani possibl damag that develop might have on the wildlif in the area , the coastal plain of the arctic nation wildlif refug . jay hair , the feder 's execut vice presid , call the interior 's research into the effect of develop `` so fundament flaw that it provid littl or no basi on which to make a public polici decis . '' hair call the depart 's propos a `` reflect of a larg polit decis , '' ad `` we have no confid in interior to repres the broad public interest in thi area . '' interior want to open the 1.5 million acr coastal plain to oil and ga explor , but it said onli with tough safeguard to protect the area 's carib and musk-oxen . it said a preliminari survey show the region could hold billion of barrel of oil and ga , and that it potenti as an energi resourc would never be known without explor . interior said oil on the coastal plain could match the 10 billion barrel found at prudho bay , just west of the plain . under exist law , congress must agre to oil and ga explor , and if it doe not act , the land will remain a wildlif refug protect from commerci develop . hair said interior 's report fail to stress the probabl that find recover oil is onli 19 pct . he said interior 's studi also fail to weigh oil , ga , fish and wildlif inform the state of alaska had gather nor had the depart consult the environment protect agenc on the possibl effect of explor . the feder , in letter to congressmen , propos that a nine-memb commiss be set up to studi all aspect of the issu and report back to congress in about two year . hair said the feder wa not oppos to the possibl explor of oil , onli that interior 's studi wa inadqu to make a sound judgement . congression observ said that at present there wa littl sentiment in congress to open the wildlif area for commerci exploit dispit increas concern that the unit state is becom overli depend on foreign oil .