talk point/purol courier corp & lt ; pcc > purol courier corp 's stock rose on specualt that a disgruntl former purol director would find a new suitor for the compani , trader said . purol agr in late februari to a 35 dlr-a-shar , 265 mln-dlr offer from e.f. hutton lbo inc and certain member of it purol courier divi 's manag . the stock today hit 36-1/4 , up one . today , purol reveal in a file with the secur and exchang commiss that director doresi gardner resign from it board of director in a letter date march 10. the letter from gardner said he resign the board becau the merger agreement with hutton bar director from solicit new offer and he believ sharehold might get a better deal . gardner said he believ a better offer might be found if the compani would agr to be sold to some other entiti , or if it could sell off all or part of it u.s. courier divi . `` basic , ( the courier divi ) is a compani that ha 450 mln dlr in revenu . it 's a veri larg compani and it ' be sold for 50 or 60 mln dlr , `` said gardner in a telephon interview with reuter . gardner is an offici of kelso manag , a firm associ with fidel intern ltd. a group of fidel compani own eight pct of purol , and gardner said he person own 20,000 share . a purol offici said the compani ha no comment on the letter from gardner . arbitrag specul anoth overnight messeng servic may emerg as a like bidder for purol . befor the transact with hutton lbo wa announc , analyst had also specul anoth courier compani would be the most like suitor . while one arbitrag acknowledg there in fact may be no new bidder , he said the possibl one could appear push the stock into play again . `` there 's no shortag of possibl . it 's just a question of manag 's will to let the process continu , `` said one arbitrag . arbitrag said a new buyer might be found becau they believ hutton lbo ha taken on no risk in the transact . hutton ha begun a tender for 83 pct of purol at 35 dlr cash per share . the balanc of purol 's stock will be bought for secur and warrant in a new compani hold the u.s. courier oper . the arbitrag said tender offer document show that hutton doe not need to use it cash in the transact and will emerg with a giant , major equiti interest in purol . `` as far as i can tell from the public document from the deal that 's on the tabl , hutton is basic put up zero . one alway like a situat like that . you alway like to think if they can do thi deal at no risk , there should be someon el in the world that could do it higher , `` said one arbitrag . the firm , howev , is suppli temporari financ , and sourc close to the transact disput the claim that the firm will not end up pay for it equiti posit . while one scenario mention in the tender offer document did note that the e.f. hutton group subsidiari may not have to keep cash in the transact , the sourc said there is some risk to the firm . `` there are a varieti of cont and restrict cash , and all sort of thing that make it veri specul , `` said one of the sourc , ad there are also sever payment to employ . the e.f. hutton group subsidiari is suppli 279 mln dlr in so-cal `` bridg `` financ for the transact . the bridg financ is a temporari loan from hutton . the financ is to be replac with perman financ , expect to come from bank . howev , it may take some time to replac the financ , the sourc said , result in what could be a substanti expen to the firm . gardner said hutton stand to gain fee of 10 to 20 mln dlr from the transact , but sourc close to the transact said fee are at the low end of the scale . `` it 's a veri complex transact , but basic what happen is they osten put up money but the fee recaptur ani invest they might have onc the merger take place , `` gardner said .