glickman push hard for 0/92 farm plan implement of a one-year 0/92 pilot program for wheat and feedgrain wa strongli promot today by the chairman of a key hous agricultur subcommitte as a way to cut farm cost and simultan give farmer anoth option when make their plant decis . `` we have a budget driven farm polici . it may be a shame , but we are lock into thi , '' said dan glickman , ( d-kan . ) , chairman of the subcommitte on wheat , soybean and feed grain . `` we need to look at way to cut cost and not hurt the farmer . a 0/92 plan , if properli done , could do both . '' glickman announc thi week plan to introduc a 0/92 bill for 1987 and 1988 wheat and feedgrain . an aid to glickman said that it will probabl be introduc next week . glickman said a 0/92 program , which allow a farmer to forego plant and still receiv 92 pct of hi defici payment , would not be a major revis of the 1985 farm bill -- onli an extens of the 50/92 option alreadi provid under the current bill . it is prematur to make ani major chang in the farm bill , he said , but if agricultur ha to make further cut to meet budget goal , a voluntari 0/92 plan would be better than sharpli cut target price , as usda ha propos . a 0/92 plan , howev , would not be decoupl , but simpli a differ type of acreag divers program , glickman said . decoupl -- delink plant decis from govern payment -- is too much of a polici chang to approv at thi point , he said . `` i do n't think there is ani interest in pursu a decoupl bill thi year . period . unequivoc , '' glickman said at the hear . sen. rudi boschwitz ( r-minn. ) , cosponsor of the boren/boschwitz decoupl plan , said he support a short term 0/92 program as a move to a more permament decoupl plan . boschwitz plan to introduc a 0/92 plan in the senat . hi plan would guarante a certain defici payment to particip farmer , requir that idl acreag be put to conserv use onli , prohibit hay and graze on extra idl acreag , limit particip to a certain number of acr in a counti and provid tenant protect provis . `` i know we can not obtain complet decoupl in 1987 , but we can at least move in that direct , '' boschwitz said . robbin johnson , vice presid of cargil , inc. , testifi in favor of decoupl . decoupl would end the current bia in u.s. farm polici toward overproduct and reduc farmers' depend on the govern , he said . a 0/92 plan doe not go far enough in decoupl , johnson said , and would still encourag farmer to plant . offici from the nation corn grower associ and the nation cattlemen 's associ said their group oppos ani 0/92 or decoupl plan due to concern about reopen the farm bill and creat more confus among farmer . but when ask if hi associ were forc to choos between a ten pct cut in target price or a 0/92 program , larri johnson of the corn grower said they would agre to 0/92 rather than take sharp cut in target level .