live cattl ralli as lockout at meat plant end live cattl futur post a robust ralli today after a major beef pack compani said it would end a lockout at it slaughter plant in dakota citi , neb . april deliveri cattl on the chicago mercantil exchang close at 64.45 cent a pound , up 0.83 cent , as the market expect demand for live anim to increa as the plant restart oper . iowa beef processor , a divi of occid petroleum , said it plan to reopen the plant , one of the largest in the nation , on march 16. the plant ha been close sinc dec. 14 , the day after a contract between ibp and local 222 of the unit food and commerci worker union expir . the plant employ 2,800 worker and can slaughter sever thousand anim a day , a compani spokesman said . the compani said it lock out union worker becau they threaten to disrupt oper . it wa unclear whether union meatpack would return to work . they reject the compani ' latest contract offer march 5. trader said cattl price advanc at midsess as rumor circul that the lockout wa end , and gain were further fuel by a notic increa in demand for live anim on cash market in nebraska and the texa panhandl . the ralli in cattl also boost valu of live hog and frozen pork belli , which also were support by indic that produc were expand their hog herd at a slower rate than previou expect . petroleum futur post a modest ralli on the new york mercantil exchang . but a report that the soviet union plan to reduc the price of it crude oil export may pressur the market friday , said nauman barakat , petroleum analyst in new york with smith barney , harri upham and co. buy by compani that deal in petroleum help price recov from earli weak , trader said . gold futur ralli , partli in respon to strength in the silver market , on the commod exchang in new york . silver price ralli after a u.s. brokerag hou recommend it custom buy the metal , trader said . coff futur drift lower in respon to a report that colombia lower the price of it export , trader said . sugar price close slightli higher on the coff , sugar and cocoa exchang despit a larg export sale by the european commiss on wednesday . soybean were higher , wheat lower and corn mix on the chicago board of trade . soybean were boost by expect that the agricultur depart would report a healthi signup for the conserv reserv program , which pay farmer to leav highli erod land idl instead of plant a crop , trader said . concern that a strike by brazilian seamen might interrupt export of soybean from brazil , where the harvest is just begin , also underpin price , they said . wheat price were pressur by sell in respon to trend on price chart , they said .