fed data indic no polici chang like u.s. bank reserv , monetari and discount window borrow data relea by the feder reserv today clearli indic that polici is `` on hold `` and may not be chang for week or even month , economist said . `` the fed is keep polici at dead center and it is not about to chang polici unless someth fairli dramat occur on the economi , `` said john william of banker trust co. `` these number contain no hint that a polici shift is in prospect , nor do econom or financ develop argu for polici chang , `` said william grigg of grigg and santow inc. fed data relea today were all in line with economist ' expect and similar to the number of recent week . the fed said net discount window borrow in the two week end wednesday averag 191 mln dlr , up from 381 mln dlr in the februari 25 statement period , but littl chang from 160 mln dlr in the period befor that . it said that bank ' net free reserv in the latest two week averag 660 mln dlr versu 675 mln dlr previou . final , the fed said that the m-1 money suppli fell 800 mln dlr in februari , with the broader m-2 measur down 1.6 billion dlr and m-3 up an even three billion dlr . analyst said that m-1 last month grew at a neg 1.3 pct annual rate compar with minu 0.7 pct for m-2 and actual posit growth of 1.0 pct annual for m-3 . februari level of m-2 and m-3 left the aggreg 18.2 and 20.8 billion dlr under their respect upper growth limit set by the fed for 1987. the annual growth target for both is 5-1/2 to 8-1/2 pct . there is no m-1 target . `` in the near term , there is absolut no reason for the fed to ea polici , even apart from the slowdown in money growth , `` said stephen slifer , economist at lehman govern secur inc. economist gener expect a modest pickup in monetari growth in march after februari 's anem growth rate . howev , they stress that money growth will not be strong enough to prevent the fed from drop interest rate further if the economi show evid of weak . comment on februari 's declin in the key m-2 aggreg , slifer said the main cau wa a 3.2 billion dlr drop in money market deposit at bank . thi number ha risen three to four billion dlr a month for a long while , he said , so februari ' weak is not like to persist . slifer expect modest m-2 and m-3 growth rate of 3-1/2 to four pct dure march . grigg said that m-2 and m-3 in come month should return to the five to seven pct annual growth region and so continu to present no problem for the fed . economist said the fed appear to be veri comfort with it current polici stanc and it is like to wait for perhap sever more month of econom data befor decid whether or not to ea it grip on reserv . given the economi 's fragil in mani sector , the analyst agr that there is almost no chanc that the fed will choo to rai , rather than lower , interest rate when it next chang polici . `` discount window borrow in the past week were about as low as the fed can get them , although fed fund held abov six pct , `` said william of banker trust . fund averag 6.12 pct in the week to wednesday , up from 6.06 pct in the prior week . the fed ad reserv indirectli via one billion dlr of custom repurcha agreement last friday , 2.5 billion dlr on monday and two billion dlr on wednesday . on tuesday , it ad reserv directli through two-day system repurcha . william and grigg agr the fed will let the fund rate be larg market-driven . they said it is focu instead on a borrow target of around 300 mln dlr .