colombia 's coff market to be more flexibl colombia intend to improv the market of it coff with the accent on more flexibl on set export registr price , financ minist cesar gaviria said . speak to report after announc a lower export registr price , or reintegro , of 1.10 dlr per lb ex-dock new york , gaviria said export mechan would be more agil . `` in the first stage , we decid not onli to lower the reintegro but also to adopt a flexibl polici of reintegro that will allow privat export to particip more activ in colombia 's coff export polici , `` he said . trader said thi mean the export registr price will chang more often in a truer reflect of market trend . gaviria said the measur mere respond to new market factor sinc a return to a system of intern coff organi ( ico ) export quota may not occur in the short term . ico talk last month in london fail to break a deadlock over re-introduct of export quota , suspend in februari 1986. gaviria stress that colombia will not necessarili suffer from depress price becau it can compen lower price with increa volum . `` colombia will continu to export it tradit amount of coff , between 9.6 and 10 mln bag ( of 60 kilo ) , and will do so without an agreement among produc , `` he said . he rule out a much higher volum of export , or up to 13.5 mln bag as mention in market circl , `` becau the idea is preci not to disrupt the market . `` colombia export a record 11.5 mln bag in the 1985/86 coff year which end last septemb 30. echo gaviria 's word , jorg cardena , manag of the nation coff grower ' feder , said colombia sought to adapt it coff market polici to circumst . `` there is great expect in the world for the polici that brazil and colombia will adopt . our is begin to emerg and no agreement among produc is fores in the immedi futur , `` he told journalist . trade sourc in rio today said brazil 's futur export polici wa unlik to be reveal befor the end of next week . cardena said a new ico meet could onli take place when problem that hinder an agreement at the recent london talk have been resolv . ask to comment on a reuter report from jakarta say indonesia hope colombia could use it contact with brazil to suggest a compromi on the quota issu , cardena said the brazilian stand wa quit clear . he said brazil 's current quota `` reflect the realiti of the market , allow for an orderli suppli and satisfi demand , `` but ad more clariti wa need to assess the criteria that determin it . cardena said low regist immedi after the failur of the london talk were trigger by a widespread fear among dealer of an immin price war and the belief that produc would go out and sell their coff as quickli as possibl , which did not happen .