japan reject u.s. object to fairchild sale a foreign ministri offici dismiss argument made by senior u.s. govern offici seek to block the sale of a u.s. microchip maker to a japan firm . `` they appear to be link complet unrel issu , `` shuichi takemoto of the foreign ministri 's north american divi told reuter . u.s. commerc secretari malcolm baldrig ha ask the white hou to consid block the sale of & lt ; fairchild semiconductor corp > to japan 's fujitsu ltd & lt ; itsu.t > , u.s. offici said yesterday . baldrig express concern that the sale would leav the u.s. militari depend on a foreign compani for vital high technolog equip . pentagon offici said defenc secretari caspar weinberg also oppo to the sale . u.s. offici have also said the sale would give fujitsu a power role in the u.s. market for supercomput while japan 's supercomput market remain close to u.s. sale . takemoto said nation secur should not be an issu sinc the plan purcha of fairchild from it current owner , schlumberg ltd & lt ; slb > , doe not includ fairchild 's main defence-rel divi . in addit , takemoto said tension over the supercomput trade should not affect the sale as fairchild doe not make supercomput . analyst note that fairchild doe make sophist microchip use in supercomput . fujitsu make similar chip and suppli them to u.s. supercomput maker , they said . takemoto also dismiss u.s. fear that the propo takeov would violat u.s. antitrust law , say `` the purcha would not result in fujitsu monopoli the u.s. semiconductor market . `` two separ issu appear to have come togeth to boost pressur to block the purcha , industri analyst said . the move is in part an attempt to forc japan to open it domest market to more u.s. supercomput sale , they said . u.s. offici have repeatedli charg that the japan public sector is close to u.s. supercomput sale despit u.s. firm ' technolog lead in the field . `` the unit state believ japan will onli react when bulli , and thi is a bulli ploy , `` salomon brother asia analyst carol ryavec said . howev , the analyst said more is at stake than supercomput sale as the u.s. fear it is lose it vital semiconductor industri to japan competitor . `` the real issu is xenophobia in ( the u.s. ) silicon valley , `` said tom murtha of brokerag jame capel and co. u.s.-japan tension over the semiconductor trade ha fail to subsid despit recent effort by japan 's ministri of intern trade and industri ( miti ) to get japan firm to abid by a bilat pact aim at halt predatori price and open japan 's market . a miti offici said that while japan is faith abid by the agreement , problem remain in halt the sale of microchip in europ and southeast asia at price below those set by the pact . `` it is onli a matter of time befor we solv thi problem , `` he told reuter . despit the furor , fujitsu will proceed with talk on the acquisit in line with the basic agreement reach with schlumberg last year , a fujitsu spokeswoman told reuter .