schweizerh fire hit sandoz 1986 profit sandoz ag & lt ; sanz.z > would have report a percentag rise in net profit `` close to doubl figur `` rather than the actual two pct had it not been for novemb 's wareh fire , a senior compani offici said . the offici , who declin to be identifi , told reuter sandoz had made a substanti addit to reserv to cope with the consequ of the accid at schweizerh , which cau sever pollut of the rhine . sandoz today report without comment a rise in net profit to 541 mln franc from the previou 529 mln and a five pct increa in dividend to 105 franc per 250 franc nomin share . thi year began well , with the perform in januari and februari at least equal to the same period last year , the offici said . the compani is expect to give fuller detail of it result at a news confer on april 22. sandoz ha insist that it is adequ insur to cover ani liabil ari from the accid . the offici said the addit to reserv wa to cover the `` one pct `` of claim somehow not cover and ani voluntari gestur it want to compen for the effect of pollut from the fire . sandoz ha not given ani figur for claim , which have been flow in from switzerland and other countri border the rhine sinc the accid . howev , the offici said the final figur would be `` much less than that cite in earlier comment . `` he gave no further detail . in line with fellow chemic giant ciba-geigi & lt ; cigz.z > , which report last month , sandoz profit and turnov were also hit by the fall dollar , the offici said . sale in local currenc term were up by 14 pct , with market share increa in the unit state and japan . but thi wa more than offset by a 15 pct neg foreign exchang effect , which produc the report one pct drop in turnov to 8.36 billion franc , the sandoz offici said . net profit at ciba-geigi drop by 21 pct to 1.16 billion franc , while sale fell by 12 pct to 15.95 billion franc . the third major swiss chemic compani , f. hoffmann-la roch and co & lt ; hofz.z > ha not yet report it result .