u.s. produc price rise 0.1 pct in februari the u.s. produc price index for finish good rose 0.1 pct on a season adjust basi in februari , the labor depart said . the increas came after a 0.6 pct increas in produc price in januari . higher energi price were primarili respons for the increas in februari , though they rose at a slower pace than they had in januari , the depart said . the finish good index wa up 0.1 pct from it februari , 1986 level . befor season adjust , the index for finish good stood at 292.3 over it 1967 base of 100. among finish good , the index for energi product rose four pct in februari after a 9.8 pct increas in januari . but price increas slow sharpli for gasolin and home heat oil , the depart said . there were some price declin , includ a 3.4 pct fall for passeng car and 1.3 pct for light truck from januari level . thi reflect expand factory-financ rebat and discount loan program , the depart said . befor season adjust , the index for finish good stood at 292.3 over it 1967 base of 100. among finish good , the index for energi product rose four pct in februari after a 9.8 pct increas in januari . but price increas slow sharpli for gasolin and home heat oil , the depart said . there were some price declin , includ a 3.4 pct fall for passeng car and 1.3 pct for light truck from januari level . thi reflect expand factory-financ rebat and discount loan program , the depart said . the index for consum food fell 0.5 pct after a 1.8 pct drop in januari as veget , pork and coffe cost less . the index for intermedi good rose 0.5 pct follow a sharp 0.9 pct rise in januari . the depart said that energi price again were the main reason , with the index for intermedi energi up 2.7 pct . gasolin and diesel fuel price were about five pct higher , half the 10 pct jump record in januari . the durabl manufactur materi index edg down 0.1 pct last month after jump 1.0 pct in januari as price for steel , preciou metal and copper stabil . the depart said lead and zinc price fell , while hardwood lumber and cement cost more . the crude materi index rose 1.8 pct in februari after a 2.9 pct rise in januari . crude energi materi were up 2.6 pct , much less than the 10 pct rise in januari . crude petroleum price rose 4.4 pct last month after a sharp 19.7 pct rise in januari . price rise acceller for log and timber and tobacco , but fell for cotton , metal ore and copper and aluminum scrap . among finish good , gasolin rose 5.5 pct after a 15.7 pct januari increas , and fuel oil wa up three pct in februari after an 18.0 pct increas in januari .