fed seen content with u.s. februari economi u.s. februari report reflect slim gain in industri output and moder inflat pressur reinforc expect that the feder reserv will continu to follow a stabl cours of monetari polici , economist said . `` if you 're the fed , there 's no reason to do anyth , '' said steve slifer of lehman govern secur inc. `` there are hint that gnp is pick up . on the inflat front , all is well , '' he said . `` money suppli is well under control . it 's an absolut ideal situat . '' februari u.s. industri product rose 0.5 pct , slightli less than the 0.7 pct gain the financi market had expect . thi compar with a slim 0.1 pct rise in januari 's product number , previous report as a 0.4 pct increas . the februari u.s. produc price index gain onli 0.1 pct , less than a 0.3-0.4 pct expect rise . thi follow a 0.6 pct rise in the ppi in januari . `` the fed is go to look at thi posit , '' said allan lesli of discount corpor . `` certainli inflat is not as bad as what volcker ( fed chairman ) ha said late . industri product growth is along the line of what the fed want . '' the energi product compon of ppi rose 4.0 pct in februari , after a 9.8 pct increas in januari . `` thi show that the impact of energi price on inflat is behind us in term of the move from 15 dlr to 18 dlr per barrel , '' said maria ramirez of drexel burnham lambert inc. `` the trend is still 3.5 pct in the first half of the year . '' in 1986 , declin energi price contribut to a 2.5 pct declin in the ppi . economist said that a rise in energi price wa expect , but a sharp drop in auto price wa not . passeng car price fell 3.4 pct and light truck price drop 1.3 pct . yesterday , feder reserv chairman paul volcker said that a possibl of renew inflat remain a concern in both the financi market and the feder reserv . `` the fed may be lower it own inflat expect today , '' said robert brusca of nikko secur intern . while low inflat permit the fed to maintain an easier monetari polici , brusca said if import price do not rise thi could necessit a weaker dollar . `` the outlook for the dollar is still up in the air , '' he said . `` we need inflat for u.s. produc to compet with foreign produc . '' brusca said price of electron equip drop 0.8 pct in februari 's ppi . with mani electron good produc oversea , thi may show that foreign produc are not rais price which bode ill for u.s. competit , he said . if further dollar declin are need , thi could diminish oversea invest in u.s. debt , brusca ad , which might necessit higher interest rate and lower bond price . by contrast , slifer said import good price rose 11.8 pct from first quarter 1985 to first quarter 1986 reflect to a larg degre a 22 pct drop in the trade-weight real valu of the dollar from februari 1985 to februari 1987. slifer said import price may rise further as manufactur ' contract put in place befor the dollar drop to current level expir , and new contract are made that reflect a weaker dollar . david wyss of data resourc inc note that import manufactur good price rose 8.5 pct at an annual rate in the second half of 1986 , which ha contribut to rise u.s. industri output . `` it 's the other side of the lower dollar , '' wyss said . `` produc are begin to find themselv more competit and they are increas output . '' wyss said that the latest data point to an averag industri product gain of 0.3-0.4 pct in the first quarter . `` it 's an encourag sign that the manufactur sector is begin to reviv . '' but stephen roach of morgan stanley and co inc wa not convinc that the februari report portend econom gain . he said much of the strength came from factor that do not point to a sustain rise in industri output . roach point out that stiker return to work in farm equip industri help account for a one pct rise in februari busi equip product . util output rose 0.7 pct in februari after gain 1.2 pct in januari , but roach said it show mostli that more energi wa produc , not that manufactur activ gain . final , he point out that auto product account for half of the industri product gain as product of auto assembl rose to 8.3 million unit at an annual rate from 7.5 million unit . `` in the first quarter , it look like automak are produc at an 8.5 mln unit annual rate , but sell at roughli a seven mln unit rate , '' roach said . `` the dispar between output and sale is show up in inventori . '' economist point to sharp rise in januari u.s. busi inventori as a sign that product may be outstrip demand in the first quarter of 1987. januari busi inventori rose 0.9 pct , the largest gain sinc juli 1979 when inventori rose 1.7 pct , the commerc depart said . busi sale drop 4.5 pct in januari , the largest monthli sale drop on record . nonetheless , economist do not expect the fed to react to month-to-month chang . `` the fed ha been stand pat for the last seven month , '' ramirez said . `` they will continu to stand pat for at least the next coupl of month . ''