brazilian troop to leav oil refineri brazil 's labour troubl ea a littl today as the author announc they were withdraw troop from the countri 's main oil instal occupi three day ago . the troop went in at the request of the state-oil compani petrobra becau of the threat of a strike by 55,000 oil industri employ . petrobra said in a statement today it had request the withdraw of the troop . the situat in the refineri wa calm , it said , and the employ had indic their will to negoti a pay deal . a nation seamen 's strike , howev , continu and marin remain in the countri 's main port . the marin were despatch to the port after the seamen 's strike , now two week old , wa rule illeg last friday . a spokesman at the nation strike headquart in rio de janeiro said today a total of l63 ship were strike-bound , 135 in brazil and 28 in foreign port . yesterday two small compani speciali in the transport of chemic , global and flumar , struck a pay accord with their seamen who have secur a 120 pct increa . brazilian newspap today hail these agreement as a sign that the nation strike could soon come to an end . both compani employ fewer than 200 seamen and union leader said the vast major of brazil 's 40,000 seamen were still on strike . the threat of a stoppag by oil industri employ appear today to be rece . petrobra said in it statement that the compani would meet union leader for pay talk in rio de janeiro next wednesday . labour minist almir pazzionotto would act as a mediat . besid industri troubl , there ha also been consid unrest thi week in the agricultur sector . on tuesday hundr of thousand of farmer held ralli throughout the countri to protest against high interest rate . televi report show some of these protest still continu today , with farmer blockad bank with their vehicl in sever town in the state of sao paulo and parana . the strike in brazil come as the govern is tri to extric itself from a seriou debt crisi brought on by a deterior in it trade balanc . on februari 20 presid jose sarney announc that brazil wa suspend interest payment on 68 billion dlr of debt to privat bank . becau of the seamen strike export are be delay and the countri is lose badli need foreign exchang .