redston detail sweeten viacom & lt ; via > offer investor sumner redston , who lead one of the two group vy for control of viacom intern inc , offer to sweeten hi bid for the compani by 1.50 dlr a share cash and 1.50 dlr in secur . in a file with the secur and exchang commiss , redston , who control dedham , mass. , -base nation amus inc , a theater chain oper , offer to rais the cash portion of it viacom offer to 42 dlr a share from 40.50 dlr . redston also rais the face valu of the prefer stock he is offer to 7.50 dlr from six dlr . the redston offer , which is be made through arsen hold inc , a nation amus subsidiari set up for that purpos , which also give viacom sharehold one-fifth of a share of arsen common stock after the takeov . viacom said earlier today it receiv revis takeov bid from redston and mcv hold inc , a group led by viacom manag which is compet with redston for control of the compani and alreadi ha a formal merger agreement with viacom . the compani did not disclos the detail of the revis offer , but said a special committe of it board would review them later today . the redston group , which ha a 19.5 pct stake in viacom , and the manag group , which ha a 5.4 pct stake , have both agre not to buy more share of the compani until a merger is complet , unless the purchas are part of a tender offer for at least half of the outstand stock . the two rival also sign confidenti agreement , which give them access to viacom 's financi record provid they keep the inform secret . in hi sec file , redston , who estim hi cost of complet the takeov at 2.95 billion dlr , said bank of america is confid it can rais 2.275 billion dlr . besid the financ it would rais through a bank syndic , bank of america ha also agre to provid a separ 25 mln dlr for the limit purpos of partial financ and ha commit to provid anoth 592 mln dlr , redston said . merril lynch , pierc fenner and smith inc ha increas it underwrit commit to 175 mln dlr of subordin financ debt for the viacom takeov , from the 150 mln dlr it agre to underwrit earlier , redston said . redston said hi group would contribut more than 475 mln dlr in equiti toward the takeov . the redston equiti contribut to the takeov would consist of all of hi group 's 6,881,800 viacom common share and at least 118 mln dlr cash , he said . the new offer , the second sweeten deal redston ha propos in hi month-long bid war with manag , also contain newli drawn up propos merger document , he said . last week , the manag group submit what it call it last offer for the compani , valu at 3.1 mln dlr and consist of 38.50 dlr a share cash , prefer stock valu at eight dlr a share and equiti in the new compani . redstone' previou offer had been valu at 3.2 billion dlr .