numer factor said point to ussr corn buy a greater than anticip need , competit price and polit motiv could be spark soviet interest in u.s. corn , industri and govern offici said . as rumor circul through grain market today that the soviet union ha purcha an addit 1.5 mln tonn of u.s. corn , industri and govern sourc note a number of factor that make soviet buy of u.s. corn like . first , there are suppli concern . some trade sourc said recent specul ha been that last year 's soviet grain crop be revi to onli 190 mln tonn , rather than the 210 mln announc , therbi increa the soviet need for grain . a drop in argentin corn crop prospect could also affect soviet corn buy , an agricultur depart sourc said . dri weather in argentina -- a major corn supplier to the ussr -- and report crop problem prompt usda to lower it argentin 1986/87 corn crop estim thi week to 11.0 mln tonn , down from 11.5 mln . argentina corn export were also cut by 500,000 tonn to 6.8 mln tonn . argentina ha alreadi commit four mln tonn of thi year 's corn for export , a usda offici said , with two mln tonn of that book for april-jun deliveri to the ussr . `` signif downsid potenti `` still exist for the argentin crop , the offici said , which will decrea the amount of addit corn that countri can sell to moscow . `` if the soviet need are greater than we have been think , then they might need more than what argentina can provid dure the april to june period , `` he said . current competit price for u.s. corn have also spark soviet buy . u.s. corn wa report to be sell on the world market earlier thi week for around 71 dlr per tonn , argentin corn for 67 dlr -- a veri competit price spread , u.s. and soviet sourc said . `` thi price differ make american corn competit , `` albert melnikov , commerci counselor for the soviet union , told reuter . impend crop problem in argentina will like cau those price to rise , and with the recent strong u.s. corn futur price , the soviet might feel corn price have bottom and that thi is a good time to buy , sourc said . final , some industri sourc said that by buy the minimum amount of corn guarant under the u.s./ussr grain agreement ( four mln tonn ) , the soviet union may be hope to convinc the usda to offer moscow a subsidi on wheat . in an inteview with reuter thi week , usda secretari richard lyng said that no deci had been made on a wheat subsidi offer , but that such an offer had not been rule out .