after g-6 , round one goe to central bank central bank have easili beaten back the foreign exchang market 's first test of the industri nation ' recent pact to stabil currenc , analyst said . in activ trade thi week , the market push the dollar , sterl , the canadian dollar and australian dollar higher . but oper got their finger burn as one by one the central bank signal their displeasur . `` so far g-6 ha been a roar success , '' said jame o'neil , financi market economist at marin midland bank na . `` the central bank are send strong signal that they wo n't toler ani kind of momentum build behind currenc , '' ad a senior corpor trader at one u.k. bank . on februari 22 , the financ minist and central bank governor of the u.s. , japan , west germani , franc and the u.k. -- the group of five -- plu canada , sign an accord under which they agre to cooper close to foster stabil of exchang rate around prevail level . the agreement wa view by mani in the market as an attempt to put a floor under the dollar after it sizeabl two-year declin against major world currenc . and initi , trader indic their respect for the accord by refrain from push the dollar lower . but by wednesday , the dollar climb to more than 1.87 mark , about five pfennig abov it level the friday befor the g-6 accord . the move wa aid by indic that the u.s. economi pick up steam in februari at the same time as the west german economi wa regress . but dealer said the feder reserv bank of new york gave trader a sharp remind that the g-6 pact had encompass the idea of limit inordin dollar gain as well as declin . dealer differ as to whether the u.s. central bank actual interven to sell dollar abov 1.87 mark , or simpli telephon dealer to ask for quot and enquir about trade condit . but the dollar quickli back off . it hover today around 1.85 mark . `` the market wa surpris that the fed show it face so soon , '' said marin midland na 's o'neil . also on wednesday , london dealer said the bank of england interven in the open market to sell sterl as the u.k. currenc rose to 1.60 dlr compar with 1.5355 dlr befor the g-6 pact . sterl , along with the other high-yield currenc like the australian dollar and canadian dollar , wa in favor after trader surmis that the the chanc of intervent pursuant to the pari currenc accord left limit room for profit play on dollar/mark and dollar/yen . the pound also wa boost by suggest of an improv u.k. economi , anticip of a popular british budget on march 17 and public opinion poll show good chanc for the incumb conserv parti in ani gener elect . `` there wa a real run on sterl , '' said ann mill of shearson lehman brother inc. sterl trade today around 1.5750 dlr , down from 1.5870 dlr last night . it slid to 2.917 mark from 2.950 yesterday and from a peak of about 2.98 recent . `` there 's been some heavi profit-tak on sterling/mark ahead of next tuesday' u.k. budget , '' said jame mcgroarti of discount corp. as specul detect the presenc of the u.s. and british central bank , they accler their shift into canadian and australian dollar . but here too they were stymi . the bank of canada act to slow it currenc 's rise . the canadian dollar trade at 1.3218/23 per u.s. dollar today , down from 1.3185/90 yesterday . and the australian reserv bank , use the fed as agent , sold australian dollar in the u.s. yesterday , dealer said . the australian dollar fell to a low of 67.45/55 u.s. cent today from a high of 69.02 thursday . analyst said the central bank ' move to stifl sudden upward movement , leav the market uncertain about it next step . today , the focu shift to the yen which ha held to a veri tight rang against the dollar for sever month . the dollar fell to 152.35/40 yen from 153.35/40 last night . analyst said the yen also gain as trader unwound long sterling/short mark posit establish late . `` becaus of the chang in percept about the health of the german economi , the fund from those unwind oper are end up in yen , '' a dealer at one u.k. bank said . recent west german data have shown fall industri order , lower industri output and slow employ gain . moreov , the yen is benefit as japanes entiti who have invest heavili oversea , for exampl in australian financi instrument , repatri their profit ahead of the end of the japanes fiscal year on march 31. note that the dollar/yen rate is in a sens the most controversi one becaus of the larg u.s. trade deficit with japan , analyst said the stage could be set for anoth test of the dollar 's downward scope against the japanes currenc . in it latest review of the foreign exchang market through the end of januari , the feder reserv reveal that it interven to protect the dollar against the yen on januari 28. on that day , the dollar fell as low as 150.40 yen . `` sure , the fed bought dollar near the 150 yen level in januari . but the market ha to bear in mind that time march on and the situat chang , '' said mcgroarti of discount .