u.s. conserv figur seen neutral/bearish u.s. agricultur depart ( usda ) figur for highly-erod land enrol into the conserv reserv program were regard by most grain analyst as neutral to bearish , although some said a full state-by-st breakdown would be need to assess the full price impact . `` out of 10.5 mln acr onli 1.9 mln acr were accept in corn -- that 's neutral at best and perhap bearish to what the trade wa look for , '' dale gustafson of drexel burnham lambert said . the usda said it had accept 10,572,402 more acr into the conserv program out of bid on a total of 11,254,837 acr . gustafson said he would not be chang hi estim of plant acreag for corn as a result of the latest figur , but some other analyst said they would adjust their estim slightli . the usda is due to releas plant intent figur march 31. indic of a heavi sign-up in the conserv program recent lower most trade estim of corn plant acreag to 63.0 to 67.0 mln acr from 67.0 to 69.0 mln . richard loewi , analyst with prudenti bach secur , said there wa not enough inform to complet assess the conserv figur . `` the 1.9 mln acr on corn is certainli disappoint , '' he ad . the usda later releas the state-by-st breakdown of the enrol figur . loewi said the initi figur appear to be neg for both new crop corn and soybean , and might possibl mean an upward adjust in plant intent figur . ask about the impact on the flow of gener certif onto the market thi spring , he said : `` the trade wa definit look higher , so certif are go to be less than expect . '' the usda offer a special corn `` bonu '' rental payment to the farmer to be paid in gener certif . the bonu amount to two dlr per bushel , base on the farm program payment yield for corn , for each acr of corn accept into the reserv . katharina zimmer , analyst for merril lynch futur , said the conserv sign-up wa slightli higher than she had expect , although she note that some trade expect were consider higher than the actual figur . `` i think it is friendli for the market , at least in the long run , '' she said . susan hackmann of agrianalysi said there wa some confus over whether trade idea of an enrol figur between 15 and 18 mln acr refer to the total sign-up or the latest addit . `` it seem the trade wa look for more acr to be bid into the program , '' she said . hackmann said she would not make much chang to her idea about corn plant figur as a result of the conserv sign-up . she ad that while some trade guess were as low as 61 mln acr , she wa look for corn plant to be in the high 60 's . zimmer of merril lynch said she would be make a slight reduct of about one mln acr in her plant estim to around 64 mln acr . new crop corn price at the chicago board of trade firm earlier thi week on idea of a larg sign-up in the program , despit the fact that acr enrol are gener poor yield and not like to make a substanti differ to final product figur .