major differ resolv at rubber pact talk negoti at a unit nation confer on a new intern natur rubber agreement ( inra ) have agr on basic element in a new pact , confer chairman manaspa xuto said . `` we have resolv major differ of opinion , `` he told reuter . xuto said the way is now clear for draft a new accord , to replac the current one which expir in octob . xuto said : `` i welcom the friendli and cooper atmosph that ha prevail without interrupt `` sinc the talk began last monday . `` it is my hope that deleg will go back home and tri to ratifi the new agreement , `` he ad . the renegoti confer , under the auspic of the u.n. confer on trade and develop ( unctad ) , is the fourth such meet in two year . xuto said produc and consum had agr on four point : 1 ) regular price review will be held everi 15 month . previou consum were propo 12-month interv between price review instead of 18 in the current pact . 2 ) if the averag of the daili market indic price over six month prior to a review is below ( or abov ) the lower interv price ( or the upper interv price ) , the refer price will be automat revi downward ( or upward ) by five pct unless the intern natur rubber organi council decid on a higher percentag . if buffer stock purcha or sale reach 300,000 tonn , the refer price will be lower or rai by three pct unless the council decid on a higher percentag . 3 ) if the buffer stock reach 400,000 tonn , the price at which the addit cont stock of 150,000 tonn is brought into oper will be two malaysian/singapor cent abov the floor price -- or 152 cent . 4 ) the floor price will not be breach . throughout the talk produc had adamantli resist a consum propo to lower the floor price of 150 cent if the buffer stock , current 360,000 tonn , rose to 450,000 tonn . the propo , initi by the u.s. , wa withdrawn last night , set the stage for compromi . legal draft of provi will start next week and formal adopt of the new accord by the 40 countri take part in the confer is expect to take place on march 20. the current confer wa wide seen as the last chanc to clinch a deal . three previou attempt to negoti a new five- year pact had fail , the last round break down in octob over consum demand for tighter control of the buffer stock . the unit state , japan , west germani , franc , itali and britain are the major consum . unctad 's latest estim project an increa of 8.5 pct in rubber price thi year and 4.1 pct in 1988 .