saudi oil minist see no need to alter opec pact saudi arabian oil minist hisham nazer said opec 's decemb agreement to stabili oil price at 18 dlr a barrel wa be implement satisfactorili and there wa no immedi need to chang it . nazer , in an interview with reuter and the televi news agenc visnew , said saudi arabia wa produc around three mln barrel per day ( bpd ) of crude oil , well below it opec quota . saudi arabia , the world 's largest oil export , will continu to restrain product as long as other opec member adher to the pact , nazer said . the 13-nation opec agr in decemb to cut it product ceil by 7.25 pct to 15.8 mln bpd and abid by fix price averag 18 dlr a barrel from februari 1. nazer , in hi first interview sinc succeed ahm zaki yamani last octob , said : `` i do not fores ani need for new measur befor the 25th of june when our ( next opec ) meet will take place as schedul . `` nazer said opec wa produc below 15.8 mln bpd and all member were abid by it agreement . `` we 've heard news everi now and then of violat but they were not at all verifi , `` he said . opec product curb have boost world oil price from a 13-year low of around eight dlr a barrel last august to near 18 dlr after announc of the decemb pact . spot market price slip some two dlr in februari but have firm in the past two week to near opec level as trader gain confid in opec price and output disciplin . nazer said saudi arabia would continu to produc below it 4.133 mln bpd quota if necessari to defend the 18 dlr price . `` as long as all the opec member adher to the program as devi in decemb , saudi arabia will continu to adher to the agreement , `` he said . current product of three mln bpd includ oil from the neutral zone share with kuwait , but not sale from float storag , nazer said . king fahd of saudi arabia , in an interview with reuter and visnew on march 11 , said the kingdom want oil price stabil and call on non-opec produc to avoid harm competit with opec . `` saudi arabia doe n't decid price by itself but certainli desir price stabil , `` he said . nazer said the output level did not mean the kingdom had return to a role of `` swing produc `` within opec . saudi arabia allow it output to sink as low as two mln bpd in august 1985 to compen for slack demand and over-product by some opec state . `` saudi arabia is not play that role . it is be play by opec membership as a whole becau the reduct in the 15.8 mln bpd share of opec in the market is be share by other member of opec , `` nazer said . nazer said opec estim demand for it oil dure third quarter thi year would be around 16.6 mln bpd . but he said if circumst chang `` i am sure then the opec member will consult with each other and take the necessari measur . `` oil analyst say the opec pact could come under strain when demand for petroleum product gener fall in the northern hemisph spring and summer . nazer said he wa satisfi with the extent of cooper from non-opec produc . norway , egypt and the soviet union agr to help opec by restrain product or export after he visit them on opec 's behalf earlier thi year . `` we did not ask ani countri to do anyth . these were programm they thought were necessari to stabili market condit and to help themselv attain better price condit , `` nazer said . he said it wa up to countri that declin to cooper -- such as britain -- to come up with their own propo if they saw fit .