tens trade tie to domin ec talk tens trade relat with the u.s. and japan and concern about the foreign impact of a propos european commun ( ec ) tax on edibl oil and fat are expect to domin talk by ec foreign minist here tomorrow . ec diplomat said britain demand the earli debat on the ec execut commiss 's propos to impos a hefti tax on domest and import oil and fat in an attempt to head off a propos it see as extrem damag to ec foreign relat . the propos wa the most controversi part of a reform packag , due to be discuss by ec farm minist later thi month , of the ec 's common agricultur polici -- wide seen as the root caus of the ec 's persist financi problem and of tension with major trade partner . the propos is describ by it promot as a stabilis program which would penalis a new sector go into massiv overproduct and complement propos to cut cereal and dairi product , rather than a straight forward tax . they say it would not onli curb the growth of oil and fat product and prevent import from fill ani vaccum left by a fall in ec output , but would also save the ec some two billion european currenc unit , over two billion dlr , in farm cost . it ha provok strong protest from domest produc as well as foreign export , led by the unit state . the diplomat said the protest had been receiv from most corner of the develop and develop world , rang from seneg , malaysia and indonesia , to brazil , argentina , canada , iceland and norway . the propos had littl chanc of approv by ec govern , with west germani as strongli oppos to it as britain , and denmark , the netherland and portug also unconvinc of it polit or econom wisdom . even mediterranean countri such as itali , franc and greec , which back similar propos in the past , did not seem as enthusiast now becaus oliv oil had been ad to the list of product affect . but the diplomat said a protectionist lobbi in the u.s. and elsewher wa use the propos as an excus to promot anti-ec action , and the foreign minist ' debat should demonstr the strength of feel against the propos within the ec and depriv it opon of thi argument . the minist were also due to discuss propos in the u.s. congress for a rang of protecionist legisl such as a bill that would curb ec textil export . the diplomat said the minist were expect to strongli back a commiss warn to washington that such a bill , if enact , would provok swift ec retali .