saudi businessmen to discuss privat sector saudi arabian busi leader assembl for a confer aim at thrash out problem face the privat sector of the kingdom ' oil-depend economi . the meet of some 500 top businessmen from across saudi arabia come at a time of guard optim in industri and commerc follow the opec pact to boost world oil price . the four-day confer in thi resort town , high in the mountain abov the tihamah plain stretch to the red sea , ha been organi by saudi arabia 's chamber of commerc . financ minist moham ali abal-khail and commerc minist suleiman abdulaziz al-salim will attend the first day . banker and businessmen said the confer will air problem face commerc and industri after last year 's slide in oil price and examin way to promot higher invest in a privat sector sore short of financ . govern planner have long recogni that saudi arabia , the world 's largest crude export , need to foster privat enterpri to diversifi it oil-ba economi . the fledgl privat sector wa hard hit by the middl east recess as earli as 1983 and sever big manufactur and trade compani ran into problem repay loan . renew optim thi year stem larg from the accord reach by opec last decemb to curb oil output and boost price to a benchmark level of 18 dlr per barrel . with oil price recov , saudi arabia went ahead at the turn of the year with long-delay budget plan incorpor a 52.7 billion riyal deficit to be bridg by draw down foreign reserv . the simpl act of publish a budget restor a measur of confid to the busi commun . some share price have risen by more than 35 pct sinc last novemb , while bank are gener report a slowdown in the number of new non-perform loan . but not all banker are convinc . one senior corpor financ manag in riyadh said : `` bank are still reluct to lend ... there is certainli more optim in the air , but i am not sure if it is firmli base . `` some businessmen and banker point out that govern spend is still under tight control and the non-oil economi may still be contract . capit expenditur on larg project ha been cut sharpli . a u.s. embassi report on saudi arabia publish just befor the budget said : `` while industriali ha continu to be one of the govern 's highest prioriti , the recess , the payment problem and the lack of financ have reduc saudi and foreign investor interest in industri . `` it is the lack of fresh invest that is expect to be a major issu among the businessmen gather here . offici figur show the number of new licenc for industri ventur fell 24 pct in the six month to march 1986 , compar with the same period in 1985. lend by the saudi industri develop fund , a major sourc of industri back , ha fallen steadili sinc 1983. trade compani have also been hit , some caught with huge inventori of construct equip as recess bit . some firm laid off worker and cut bloat inventori . other have effect been liquid . a few have reach agreement with banker to extend debt repay . the latest reschedul is for the shipping-to-hotel conglom redec . it negoti have just initi a draft accord to restructur payment on 1.3 billion riyal of bank debt . banker and businessmen said the confer wa also like to discuss the appar reluct of u.s. and british firm to step up invest in the kingdom . a british govern deleg ha just left riyadh after hold preliminari talk on way of offset the huge saudi outlay on a defenc contract to suppli 132 fighter aircraft worth five billion stg .