german bank author weigh swap regul german bank author are weigh rule for bank ' off-bal sheet activ in an attempt to cope with the grow volum of sophist capit market instrument , bank sourc said . interest rate and currenc swap and currenc option are under closest scrutini , and if revis are made they may resembl regul jointli propos by the u.s. and u.k. to japan . juergen becker , director of the bundesbank 's divis of bank law and credit supervis , said the u.s.-british propos were interest , but declin to elabor . but bank sourc said west germani wa more like to produc it own conclus than to adopt foreign propos . `` there is no formal plan yet , but talk are in the latter stage , '' one repres of the german bank associ in cologn said . banker expect rule chang thi year . all alter must be approv by the bundesbank , west germani 's four major bank associ and the feder bank supervisori offic . talk have been slow by the fact that fundament chang would requir a revis of germani 's credit law , which ha been in effect sinc 1934. author favour reinterpret the credit law to fit present circumst in order to avoid the long parliamentari polit process of chang it , bank sourc said . sinc the begin of 1984 the bank law ha limit bank ' lend to 18 time sharehold ' equiti plu reserv , on a consolid basi . but lend ratio do not extend to sever newer instrument such as spot and forward currenc contract , currenc and interest swap , commerci paper program , currenc option , interest rate futur in foreign currenc and variou innov type of interest rate hedg . the sourc said the main valu of the u.s.-u.k. propos lay in differenti between differ type of risk factor , and , for instanc , in place greater weight on currenc swap than interest swap . but even if german bank author agre with some of the assess of swap , they disagre on how to find balanc sheet equival for the risk . u.s.-british propos includ a complic seri of formula for assess the stream of payment involv in swap , whose ultim risk is born by the financi intermediari , especi when counterparti remain anonym . thi is the so-cal market-to-market valu . but german author are like to consid thi much too complex and to base their evalu instead on a schedul of lend rate assign accord to the creditworthi of the borrow involv , the sourc said . the weight , also like if lend ratio are extend to includ bank ' secur portfolio , are zero for public author , 20 pct for domest bank , 50 pct for foreign bank and 100 pct for other foreign and non-bank borrow . a further complic is that the more flexibl definit of equiti allow in the u.s. and the u.k. may put german bank at a competit disadvantag , the sourc said . stricter definit here also mean the use of a version of the u.s.-u.k. propos could far exceed the intent of the u.s. and british author , the sourc said . one specialist for dresdner bank ag said a long-dat foreign exchang forward transact could , for instanc , be brought under the same rule as a cross-curr swap , despit the fact that the risk may be entir differ . how new regul will affect foreign bank here wa uncertain . mani have convert to full subsidiari statu and appli for a full bank licenc over the last two year in order to lead-manag mark eurobond . but as their equiti capit is fairli small , tight lend ratio will sever hamper foreign bank ' freedom of movement , particularli in the grow busi of currenc swap , if they are requir to includ more transact in the balanc sheet , the sourc ad .