mee say second week march opec output 14 mln bpd opec produc onli about 14 mln bpd of oil in the second week of march -- 1.8 mln bpd below it ceil -- larg becaus of pipelin problem in turkey and ecuador , the middl east econom survey ( mee ) estim . a landslid breach iraq 's one mln bpd pipelin through turkey on march 6 for a week , and earthquak in ecuador have shut down it export pipelin for four to five month . ecuador ha an opec quota of 210,000 bpd . mee put saudi arabian output at 2.9 mln bpd in the first week of march and 3.1 mln bpd in the second , in addit to output from the neutral zone between saudi arabia and kuwait . mee said saudi arabia wa pump more than 300,000 bpd of it total product into float storag . saudi oil minist hisham nazer told reuter and the televis news agenc visnew yesterday that saudi output , includ neutral zone product , wa around three mln bpd . the cyprus-bas newslett also said authorit libyan oil sourc said libya wa produc 850,000 bpd , compar with it 948,000 bpd quota , and that actual lift are much lower than that . it said one major libyan equiti produc had partial stop lift it 55,000 bpd equiti entitl for march becaus libya wa insist on offici price , but is still lift 40,000 bpd of debt crude at offici price and a further 25,000 bpd of `` purchas crude . '' it said small equiti produc , with entitl of onli 2,000 to 3,000 bpd , had also told tripoli they could not lift at offici price . mee said iraq had sent a telex to opec and member countri call for the format of a committe to studi what it said were inequ in market potenti among variou member . the newslett said the iraqi letter indic baghdad wa have difficulti sell crude at offici price . the iraqi telex point out that some member countri export substanti volum of oil that are not subject to opec price regul -- export of refin product , equiti crude on which the margin are equival to covert discount and `` other form of hydrocarbon '' which are market in packag deal with crude oil .