cocoa latest focu for commod pact negoti the credibl of govern effort to stabili fluctuat commod price will again be put to the test over the next two week as countri tri to agr on how a buffer stock should oper in the cocoa market , govern deleg and trade expert said . onli two week ago , world coff price slump when intern coff organ member fail to agr on how coff export quota should be calcul . thi week , mani of the same expert gather in the same build here to tri to agr on how the cocoa pact reach last summer should work . the still unresolv legal wrangl surround the intern tin council ( itc ) , which had buffer stock loss run into hundr of million of sterl , is also cast a shadow over commod negoti . the itc 's failur ha restrict negoti ' abil to compromi as govern do not want to be involv in pact with built-in flaw or unlimit liabil , but want clear line drawn between aid and trade . a more hope sign of cooper wa agreement on basic element of a new intern natur rubber agreement in geneva at the weekend . some import countri insist the intern cocoa organ ( icco ) buffer stock rule must not be muddi with quota type subclau which might dictat the type of cocoa to be bought . one consum countri deleg said thi would `` distort , not support `` the market . trade and industri sourc blame uncertainti about the icco for destabili the market as the recent collap in coff price ha made trader acut awar that commod pact can founder . on friday thi uncertainti help push london cocoa futur down to eight month low . the strength of sterl ha also contribut to the recent slip in price . the icco daili and averag price on friday fell below the `` must buy `` level of 1,600 sdr a tonn design in the pact , which came into forc at the last icco session in januari but without rule for the oper of the buffer stock . consum and produc could not agr on how it should oper and what discret it should be given . the agreement limit it to trade physic cocoa and expressli say it can not oper on futur market . a cash balanc of some 250 mln dlr and a stock of almost 100,000 tonn of cocoa , enough to mount larg buy or sell oper , were carri forward from the previou agreement . member financ the stock through a 45 dlr a tonn levi on all cocoa they trade . it ha an upper limit of 250,000 tonn . the key argument be face by the icco work group on buffer stock rule which is meet today and tomorrow will be over non-memb cocoa and differenti the buffer stock should pay when trade differ type of cocoa . anoth work group is schedul to meet wednesday to discuss administr matter , and the full council meet on thursday . produc have so far maintain that buffer stock fund should not help mop up surplu cocoa produc in non-memb countri such as malaysia . consum say when thi cocoa is the cheapest the buffer stock should buy it rather than compet with chocol manufactur for premium-pr high qualiti cocoa . the argument over buy non-memb cocoa is close link to the one over differenti for differ qualiti . european industri and trade advi have suggest as a compromi that the buffer stock have a maximum share that can repr non-memb cocoa and that it use the london futur market 's exist differenti for differ qualiti . current , good west african cocoa is tender at par onto the london market . discount , which are current under review , rang up to 50 stg a tonn for brazilian and malaysian cocoa . consum deleg said the same argument in rever would oper when price are high - the buffer stock should sell the highest price cocoa in most demand , forc all price lower . the januari talk were slow by a split insid the european commun , a key icco consum group , with franc side with produc . ec repr met in close session in brussel on friday in an attempt to reach a common ground and , a diplomat sourc said , narrow the rang of posit among the 12 nation . the sourc said the ec will be look for sign of flexibl on the part of produc in the next few day and will be abl to respond if they are there . one icco deleg describ the producer/consum split said consum propo mean buy more cocoa for less and back the concept of the pact which is `` meant to support the market where trade buy is not . `` in contrast , he said , produc seem to want to sell their cocoa to the buffer stock rather than consum . other , more technic , issu still outstand includ whether the buffer stock should buy at a singl announc `` post price `` as in the previou pact or by announc it is buy then accept offer . in either case , deleg said , it is accept that produc must be given a clear opportun to make offer of cocoa for forward shipment directli to the buffer stock in a way that is competit with spot offer made by dealer .