bank of japan satisfi with yen at current rang the bank of japan is satisfi with the yen around it current rang , a senior central bank offici told report . he said the pledg by major industri nation in pari last month to cooper to hold exchang rate around current rang appli in both direct , a dollar fall or a dollar rise . unilat interv itself can not ensur currenc stabil , but it can be use when coordin with other polici and with other central bank , he said . the bank of japan is rather confid currenc stabil will continu for some time , the senior bank offici said , but declin to be more specif . financ minist kiichi miyazawa told parliament on friday the current dollar/yen exchang rate is not necessarili satisfactori for the japan economi . ask what factor might destabil the market , the offici cite a lessen of market fear about interv , a complet unexpect chang in the economi of japan , the u.s. or west germani , or resumpt of comment by govern offici seek to talk the dollar up or down . the senior bank offici said he expect japan 's gross nation product ( gnp ) to grow three pct or slightli more in the fiscal year begin in april . that would be littl chang from the perform expect thi year . domest demand may grow nearli four pct in 1987/88 , but the extern sector will have a neg impact on gnp of nearli one percentag point , he said . he said there wa virtual no room for further monetari polici action to boost the economi . the economi 's perform in the futur veri much depend on fiscal polici , he ad . the central bank 's monetari polici ha alreadi done it part in stimul the economi , the senior bank offici said . the bank of japan ha cut it discount rate five time over the last year and a half . although the central bank doe not see ani immin risk of inflat , there could be some problem in the futur , he said . `` we are sit on a barrel of powder , but fortun it may still be wet , `` he ad . liquid among privat household and especi the corpor sector ha increa substanti , he said . the liquid is the reason for the recent boom of stock exchang price , the bank offici said . thi inflow of fund into the stock exchang , occur also in other countri , may continu , he said .