u.k. and germani lead attack on ec farm reform britain and west germani told their european commun partner they would strongli oppo major element of propo to rid the ec of it farm surplu . at a meet of ec foreign minist , britain call for a full debat on a propo tax on edibl oil and fat that ha alreadi anger ec consum group and unleash washington-l protest from export to the ec , diplomat said . west germani , also oppo to the oil and fat tax , will advi the meet formal later today it can not counten other propo that could hit german farmer , they ad . they said west germani 's object were put in a letter thi weekend from chancellor helmut kohl to jacqu delor , the presid of the ec 's execut commiss which had put forward the propo last month in a bid to avoid a new ec cash crisi . kohl reiter german object to propo cereal product curb but reserv hi harshest critic for a propo dismantl of monetari compensatori amount ( mca ) - a system of cross-bord subsidi and tax which level out foreign exchang fluctuat for farm export . kohl made clear the dismantl would mainli hit german farmer who , without mca , would find it much more difficult to export to weaker currenc state , which mean virtual all other 11 ec state , diplomat said . britain initi the discuss on the propo to impo a hefti tax on domest and import oil and fat becau it could seriou damag ec trade relat . the diplomat said the unit state had been the most outspoken among foreign critic of the propo , describ it as a breach of the ec 's oblig under the world trade bodi gatt . but protest had also come from other export to the ec , such as seneg , malaysia , indonesia , brazil , argentina , iceland and norway , they ad . britain ha often line up against west germani on the farm reform issu in the past but is keen to avoid measur that could spark a damag trade war with the u.s. foreign minist were unlik to take a deci on either the oil and fat tax or the mca propo today , diplomat said . but their discuss should make clear that neither ha a chanc of surviv when it come up for substant consid by ec farm minist later thi month , they ad .