lead industri nation to meet in april lead industri nation will meet again next month to review their accord on currenc stabil , but u.s. offici said financ market are convinc for now the countri will live up to commit to speed up econom growth . the narrow currenc movement of recent week strongli suggest the six lead industri countri have tame the normal unruli financ market and next month 's talk seem like to build on that stabil . a reagan administr offici said the pari agreement last month wa the main reason market were calm . but he said in an interview that financ market also understood , `` that all six countri conclud that the measur to be taken over a period of time in the futur should foster stabil of exchang rate around current level . that is in fact what ha happen sinc pari . `` monetari analyst said stabil ha been help in part by the deci of industri nation to buri the hatchet and cea to quarrel over short-term polici object . instead they have focu on medium-term polici goal , but left room to adjust their agreement with period meet . the offici refu to comment , howev , on whether the agreement includ a secret pact to consid further coordin interest rate cut -- a measur industri nation have taken jointli sever time in the past year . on februari 22 , the unit state , japan , west germani , franc , britain and canada agr that major currenc were within rang broadli reflect underli econom condit , given commit by washington to cut it budget deficit and by toyko and bonn to boost econom growth . the shake-up would strengthen the u.s. posit in futur intern talk . `` i think these chang will strengthen the presid 's hand polit and the stronger he is polit the better off we are with the congress and the better off we are in intern fora , `` said the offici , an administr econom policymak . `` so it would be benefici to the continu conduct of our initi . `` but the offici also said the administr would resist call for a tax increa to cut the budget deficit -- a target european say is crucial to help curb econom instabl . currenc analyst believ the pari agreement set secret short-term target rang for their currenc with a specif agreement to defend those band with interv . accord to market sourc , the rang agr were 1.60 to 1.90 mark to the dollar , and 140 to 155 yen to the dollar . there is no offici confirm that specif band were set , although the agreement use the term `` rang `` , for the first time in an intern econom agreement . the pari accord state the six would cooper close to foster currenc stabil around current level . last week , dealer said the feder reserv interven to stop the dollar rise against the mark , which had breach 1.86 to the dollar . british author are also understood to have interven to curb sterl 's strength . intern monetari sourc say financ minist and central banker , who will review market perform and their own econom prospect , will reassembl again in washington just befor the april 9 policymak meet of the intern monetari fund . the sourc said itali , which refu to join the pari pact , wa invit back by treasuri secretari jame baker . sinc pari , there are sign west german growth is slow , while u.s. offici said they were give japan until april to show that an econom stimulu packag wa in the of . sign of concern about german prospect emerg recent when bundesbank ( central bank ) presid karl otto poehl told banker he would consid cut west german interest rate if the fed wa readi to follow suit . a reagan administr offici said thi would show there had been some chang in approach on the part of the central bank in germani . but he declin to comment on the prospect for action by the fed and the bundesbank . `` if there is such a provi it is privat and if i talk about it , it would no longer be privat , `` said the offici , who ask not to be identifi . public comment by fed offici suggest the central bank is keep credit condit broadli unchang , but if the major economi continu to show sluggish growth and the u.s. trade deficit remain stubbornli high , further coordin action could be on the april agenda .