econom spotlight -franc await econom lift a year after squeez to power with a narrow bare coalit major , gaullist prime minist jacqu chirac ha swept away a cobweb of control and regul choke the french economi . but franc is still wait for a promi industri recoveri the govern say will follow from it free market polici . compani profit and the stock market are rise . but so is unemploy . growth is stagnant at about two pct a year and the outlook for inflat , held to a 20-year low of 2.1 pct in 1986 , is uncertain . forc last month to cut the govern 's 1987 growth target and rai it inflat estim , financ minist edouard balladur rule out action to stimul the economi . but some govern support say they fear time for an econom miracl may be run out . the polit clock is tick toward presidenti elect due by april next year . franc 's econom perform , led by a mix cast of right-w minist and a socialist presid , ha won mix review from non-partisan analyst . for michel devel , director of econom studi at newly-privati banqu pariba , the govern 's outstand achiev ha been to launch `` a verit intellectu revolut `` break the staid habit form by centuri of state control . `` the figur may look mediocr -- neither good nor bad -- but set in their context of structur reform , they are excel , `` devel said . but some analyst say they fear that balladur , chief architect of the govern 's free market polici , may be pursu a mirag . `` the belief that econom liber will produc an explo of econom forc is ideolog `` said indosuez chief economist jean cheval . `` person i think it 's an illu . dirig ( direct ) is a basic fact of the french system , from school onward . ultra-lib is imposs . `` illu or not , the govern ha push it vision hard . over the past year foreign exchang and consum price control have been larg abolish , labour regul have been prune to ea the sack of redund worker and a huge popular programm ha been launch to sell state-own bank and industri to privat investor . sinc decemb , nearli five mln french investor have bought share in cie financi de pariba & lt ; pari.pa > and glass maker cie de saint-gobain sa & lt ; sgep.pa > , the first two state compani brought to the stock market under the 300 billion franc five-year privati plan . encourag by an amnesti for past illeg export of capit , and the lift of most currenc control , money ha flood into the pari stockmarket from abroad , help to lift the market 57 pct last year and anoth 12.5 pct sinc decemb . at the end of last year the govern abolish price control that had exist for 42 year on servic such as car repair and hairdress , free from state interv small busi which account for some 60 pct of the french economi . the immedi result wa a 0.9 pct rise in consum price in januari , partli respon for a forc revi in the offici 1987 inflat forecast , to 2.5 pct from two pct or less . `` but even 2.5 pct would be a fantast result , when you consid that price are now free for the first time sinc 1945 , `` comment devel of pariba . other achiev includ a major reduct in the state ' foreign debt , and a cut in the state budget deficit to 141.1 billion franc last year , 2.5 billion franc below target and down from 153.3 billion in 1985. but despit a healthi balanc of payment surplu and a gradual improv in industri product , the french franc wa forc by specul in januari into a humili three pct devalu against the west german mark , it second sinc chirac took power . a recent report by the organi for econom cooper and develop pillori french industri for fail to produc the good that it potenti custom want . outsid the mainli state-control high technolog sector , french industri good were `` increasingli ill-adapt to demand `` and over-pr , the report said . french economist , includ cheval at indosuez , agr with the report . `` one of the assumpt of the govern is that if you give them freedom , the employ will invest and moderni .... but nine out of ten will say ye , they like freedom , and then wait to be told which way to go , `` he said . and despit rise industri invest and the introduct of special incent to boost youth employ , the end-1986 number of jobless wa report at a record 2.7 million , some 300,000 more than a year earlier . the problem for the govern is that there may be littl more it can do to prod the economi into faster growth . french produc fail more than most to take advantag of last year 's oil price fall and growth hope now rest on the shaki prospect of expan in other industri countri like west germani and japan , they say . reuter ...