h and r block & lt ; hrb > see gain from tax reform with the april 15 tax return deadlin less than a month away , confus taxpay will be converg on h and r block inc 's offic to interpret the new tax code . financi result for the nation 's largest tax prepar are expect to be good in fiscal 1987 but next year could be a `` bonanza , '' analyst say . `` for the short term the key word is confus , block vice presid tom bloch said in an interview . `` when congress drastic chang law , confus result and tax prepar benefit , '' bloch said . `` next year , when taxpay take the new form and place them side by side to compar them , more peopl will throw their hand up and say ' i 'm go to get help , ' '' he said . `` tax form will look veri differ next year , '' he ad . kidder peabodi analyst herbert buchbind expect block' fiscal 1987 year ( to end april 30 ) to show good gain over fiscal 1986 earn of 60.1 mln dlr or 2.41 dlr a share on revenu of 606.7 mln dlr . he estim block 's fiscal 1987 earn at 2.75 to 2.80 dlr . `` next year , block could have a bonanza , '' buchbind said . base on estim of a larger work forc , block could show a gain of more than five pct in tax form prepar , he said . in the 1986 tax season , block prepar 9,215,300 u.s. tax return , up 1.5 pct over the previou year . the intern revenu servic estim about 100 mln individu incom tax return will be file for the 1987 tax season , up from last year 's 94 mln form . profession tax prepar account for just over 43 million form , accord to the ir . for the longer term , while confus will continu to bring client into block 's 8,866 tax prepar offic worldwid , there are some chang in the act that will have a neg effect , bloch conced . certain chang in file requir will shorten the tax return , and in some case , simplifi the form , he note . in addit , some low incom wage earner will be taken off the tax roll , he said . block is current analyz it price structur to tri to offset some of the neg . last tax season , the averag cost for each return in the u.s. amount to 48.05 dlr and 45.73 dlr worldwid , bloch said . thi tax season , rate will be up about three or four pct , in line with the inflat rate , he said . block expect `` some expans '' thi tax season of it electron file system which directli feed into the ir and can speed up the refund process . block can choos where and by how much it want to expand into the seven citi made avail for the direct file by the ir , bloch note . the ir estim about 90,000 return will be directli file thi tax season , up from the 26,000 return inject in the 1986 tax season . first kansa citi analyst jonathan braatz said that block will benefit greatli from lower tax rate in fiscal 1988. braatz expect block 's advertis budget to be about the same as last year which will be help a bit by lower cost for televis ad . `` they may get a littl more bang for their buck , '' he said . he estim block ha about 150 mln dlr cash on it balanc sheet sheet , and say if interest rate rise it could be of great benefit to them .