colombia coff export believ in pragmat privat coff export say colombia ' more pragmat coff market polici will ensur that the countri doe not suffer excess from current depress price and errat market condit . gilberto arango , presid of the export ' associ , said in an interview that colombia , the world 's second largest produc , wa in a posit to withstand a prolong absenc of intern coff organ ( ico ) export quota . `` colombia is one of the countri that will benefit most from thi situat , `` he said . recent ico talk in london fail to break a deadlock over re-introduct of export quota , suspend in februari 1986 , and no date ha been set for a new meet on the issu . arango said that govern measur adopt here last week , includ a lower export registr price , indic a major chang but also disclo a welcom pragmat . `` thi is the start of a new era in colombia becau world market condit are also new , `` he said . the govern lower local tax for export and said the export registr price , or reintegro , will be chang more often in order to close reflect market trend . arango said an illustr of colombia 's new attitud wa the deci on friday to open export registr for an unlimit amount . but he ad it did not impli the countri would begin heavi sell of coff . `` our market polici is to sell without hast but consist . no target for volum will be set . we will react to market factor adequ and colombia ha no intent of give it coff away . `` colombia 's past record should be the basi for upcom export , he said . `` we will certainli not export seven mln ( 60-kilo ) bag but neither are we go to sell like mad . the trade know full well what colombia 's export potenti is , `` he said . colombia , with stockpil stand at about 10 mln bag , export a record 11.5 mln bag in the 1985/86 coff year which end last septemb , and 11.3 mln in calendar 1986. arango did not want to commit himself on export predict but said that output for the 1986/87 coff year would not exceed 10.5 mln bag , compar with 12 mln forecast by the nation coff grower ' feder and 12.5 mln by the u.s. depart of agricultur , a figur he said wa `` ridicul . `` he said age plantat and rust , in particular in the number one produc provinc of antioquia , meant output wa like to fall but that nationwid estim were rare and oscil between 9.5 mln and 11.5 mln bag . on the failur of the recent ico talk , arango said colombia understand felt frustrat at not have manag to forc a compromi . jorg cardena , manag of the nation feder and head of hi nation 's deleg in london , ha blame the intransig of some big countri , without name them . howev , arango , like colombian financ minist cesar gaviria last week , wa more explicit and said the unit state would undoubtedli be under great polit pressur in come week to revi it polici . `` washington will have to take into account that for mani countri , and some of it alli for instanc in central america , a sharp fall in coff export revenu would have far-reach polit and econom consequ . `` arango rule out a fresh colombian initi on export quota say produc had now to show a common resolv which could emerg from continu contact .