norway approv trade ban against south africa norway 's parliament ha approv an exten trade ban against south africa but left shipown a key loophol through which controversi oil shipment on norwegian tanker may continu , govern offici said . the unilat boycott , propo by norway 's minor labour govern , give domest compani until late septemb to cut remain trade tie with south africa and namibia . `` the legisl discuss today must not be seen as an isol measur , but as a step in an intern process , `` norway 's foreign minist thorvald stoltenberg told parliament . govern offici said they hope the move will intensifi intern pressur against the pretoria regim 's apartheid polici . sweden , in a similar move last week , promi to halt all trade with south africa by octob . norway 's boycott , although forbid crude oil shipment to south africa on norwegian-own tanker , make an import except for ship whose final destin is decid while they are at sea . oil cargo are often resold by trade after load , make it difficult for shipown to know their ship ' final port at the start of a voyag . critic said the bill leav the door open for continu oil shipment to south africa . they call for stricter sanction to stop all norwegian ship to south africa . norwegian tanker suppli south africa with about 30 pct of it crude import dure the earli 1980 , but the trade ha drop sharpli to just one cargo in the last three month , trade ministri offici said . the latest trade figur show norwegian import from south africa drop 36 pct to 160 mln crown dure the first eight month of 1986 , while export plung 52 pct to 265 mln crown from the year-ago figur . `` mani would say that the law ha alreadi had it effect becau of the dramat drop in trade between south african and norway , `` foreign ministri spokesman per paust told reuter . `` norwegian busi at an earli stage start restructur it relat with south africa in anticip of the law . `` no one ha said the boycott will have a profound effect on intern trade with south africa , but it is an import polit statement by the norwegian govern , `` he said . the oslo govern said it will review the effect of the ban on norwegian industri after two year and may propo amend if industri can show it is hurt by the law . norwegian import from south africa are limit mainli to high-grad mangan and coppernickl ore use in it ferro-alloy and light metal industri . metal manufactur estim some 2,000 job could be affect by the boycott is suitabl replac for these ore are not found . the legisl now goe on to the upper hou for formal ratif later thi week , parliamentarian said .