ethiopia minist see africa debt payment problem africa may have to follow brazil in halt foreign debt payment unless industrialis nation are prepar to be more flexibl in trade and econom polici , ethiopian trade minist tesfay dinka said . grow protection and declin commod price had caus a major deterior in the export earn of all develop countri , he said in an open speech to a meet of african trade minist in addi ababa . unless there wa an earli improv in develop countri ' term of trade `` the onli choic is to follow the rout that brazil appear to have taken , '' tesfay said . the two-day meet of deleg from 50 african state wa call to work out a consensu ahead of the group of 77 ministeri meet in havana next month , when the develop countri will debat their strategi in econom negoti with the west . tesfay accus the west of intransig in the negoti of recent commod agreement . the failur of the intern coffe organis to agre on the reintroduct of export quota would mean `` sever african countri will not have the foreign exchang to import essenti item , '' he said . coffe account for 60 pct of ethiopian export and the recent fall in world coffe price ha sharpli reduc the countri 's foreign exchang earn . adebayo adedeji , the execut secretari of the u.n. econom commiss for africa , told the meet that there wa an increas net outflow of resourc from africa . he blame thi on high interest rate , debt servic and the repatri of profit by foreign investor . africa paid 13 billion dlr to servic it total foreign debt last year and by 1990 annual servic payment are expect to rise to between 16 and 24 billion , adedeji said . he accus industrialis countri of fail to provid more resourc to implement the u.n. program for africa' econom recoveri and develop , despit africa 's willing to rais two third of the capit from domest sourc . the u.n. program , approv last year , call for 128 billion dlr of econom invest in africa over five year . western donor were ask to contribut 46 billion dlr , with the rest be rais from local resourc , but adedeji said the donor had not respond as hope . in view of thi poor respons , he said `` it is possibl that by the year 2,000 nearli all african countri , except a few , will be categoris as least develop countri . '' at present , 27 of africa 's 50-odd state are offici list in thi categori .