icahn say he is target of sec investig corpor raider carl icahn acknowledg that he is one of the target of an investig by the secur and exchang commiss into possibl violat of secur law . icahn , who head and control tran world airlin inc & lt ; twa > , made the acknowledg in a file twa wa requir to make with the sec disclo it 14.8 pct stake in usair group . the sec issu a formal order launch the privat investig on nov 12 , 1986 , icahn said in the sec file . the order empow sec investig to tri to find out whether ani person , includ icahn , violat secur law and relat rule , icahn said . specif , the probe is examin the acquisit and subsequ sale of more than five pct of the stock of certain unspecifi compani , he said . feder law requir individu or group of individu who have made sharehold agreement , to disclo stake in compani of at least five pct within 10 day . icahn ha acknowledg that he ha been subpoena in connect with sec probe , but thi is the first time he ha disclo that he is among those be investig . by make the disclosur in a file with the sec , which is obviou alreadi awar of it own probe , icahn wa also alert current and potenti sharehold of twa . it is not uncommon for compani which are awar that they or their offic are the target of govern probe to acknowledg the exist of the otherwi secret investig to fulfil their legal disclosur requir to their sharehold . icahn said the sec is look into whether he and other whom he did not name violat secur law by acquir and sell more than five pct of a compani 's stock . sec investig into those kind of possibl secur law violat have been spawn by the agenc 's widen probe into the wall street insid trade scandal , accord to publish report . make late file of 13d form , which disclo the amount of stock over five pct an investor ha in a compani , or make no file at all could indic a scheme to `` wareh `` share of stock . in a wareh scheme , a group of investor act in concert would each amass stock in the compani without disclo that they have an agreement among them . by fail to disclo that they are act togeth the market is unwar of the amount of stock of a compani that is control by a group act in concert . last year , the sec charg member of the wealthi belzberg famili of canada with take part in a wareh scheme while it wa accumul stock in ashland oil inc .