smithklin & lt ; skb > aim for 10 pct earn rai smithklin beckman corp said it is pursu a three-point stragey that will achiev a 10 pct annual increa in oper earn throughout the remaind of the decad . in 1986 , smithklin earn 521.1 mln dlr or 6.78 dlr per share on revenu of 3.6 billion dlr . the compani said in it annual report that it nonpharmaceut busi will play a major role in meet it earn growth target , and will in fact grow faster than it pharmaceut busi . smithklin , whose major product is the antiulc medic tagamet , said in the report that it intend to improv earn from exist product , expand it product portfolio and optim it financ resourc . to bolster it posit in the antiulc market , in which tagamet ha met stiff competit , smithklin said it strategi to develop an over-the-count version of tagamet is bolster by two joint ventur , one with & lt ; wellcom plc > , and one pend ventur in japan . smithklin also said it allergan inc eye and skin care product divi can be a one billion dlr organ in the next five year that can grow at more than seven to 10 pct annual . `` nondilut acquisit are a real possibl , `` gavin herbert , presid of the eye and skin care product group said in the report . in 1986 , allergan had worldwid sale of 433 mln dlr . it said it smith kline and french laboratori pharmaceut unit , with 1986 sale of 1.9 billion dlr , will file for food and drug administr market approv for a number of cardiovascular agent , includ tissu plasminogen activ , over the next two year . it also said sk and f 's u.s. sale forc will be 20 pct larger in 1987 , with more than 1,000 sale personnel . smith kline also said it small clinic laboratori test unit , with 1986 sale of 373 mln dlr , perform 24 mln test a year , and see increa in employ drug test as well as in test for the aid antibodi . smith kline said that depend on it share price and the cost of money , it may buy back more share . in the last three year , it ha bought back about 25 pct of it share . smithklin begin the year with a new manag team , includ it new chief oper offic georg ebright .