ec warn u.s. and japan on trade tension the european commun ( ec ) yesterday warn japan and the unit state , it main trade partner , that friction over trade issu is affect the ec 's relat with both countri . ec foreign minist issu a statement deplor japan ' continu trade imbal and appeal for the countri to make a greater effort to open up it market . they also said they were disturb by a draft bill befor the u.s. congress that would impo perman quota on textil import and were prepar to react . the u.s. administr ha alreadi distanc itself from the bill . ec extern trade commiss willi de clercq ha written to hi u.s. counterpart , trade repr clayton yeutter , outlin the ec 's concern . the statement said minist were veri disturb by u.s. move toward protect . `` the adopt of such measur would not fail to have a neg effect on the process of multilat negoti just start , as well as on bilat relat , `` it said . ani unilat u.s. move would leav the ec no option but to react accord to the law of the gener agreement on tariff and trade , it said . in a separ statement on japan , the ec minist said they `` deplor the continu aggrav of the imbal in trade ( and ) expect japan to open up it market more . `` the statement said the ec would continu to insist that japan boost import and stimul domest demand . minist also call on the ec commiss to prepar a report on u.s.-japan trade for juli thi year to enabl them to take appropri action where necessari . one diplomat said the call for a report show minist were determin not to let the japan question drop . `` it will be back on the tabl again and again , `` the diplomat said . de clercq , talk to journalist dure the meet , said , `` there is a certain nervou , a grow impati within the commun concern trade relat with japan . `` the ec is not satisfi with japan 's inabl to cut it trade surplu , and the commiss ha adopt a tough approach on import of good such as japan photocopi , where it ha impo 20 pct anti-dump duti . but diplomat said the ec is keen to negoti with tokyo to solv the problem rather than embark on a costli and damag trade war , and the minist call for more cooper with japan in industri and research .