cathay pacif 1986 profit seen abov target buoy by low fuel price and favour currenc factor , cathay pacif airway ltd' & lt ; caph.hk > 1986 profit are expect to surpass the airline' forecast of one billion h.k . dlr , stock analyst said . analyst said they expect the airlin to show net earn of between 1.1 billion and 1.25 billion dlr when it report result tomorrow for it first year as a public compani . cathay , 51 pct own by swire pacif ltd & lt ; swpc.hk > , made it earn forecast in the prospectu for it flotat in may last year . cathay is expect to pay a 13-cent final dividend , make a total of 19 cent for the year , as forecast in the prospectu , analyst poll by reuter said . they said the airlin 's perform improv in the second half of the year after it report interim profit of 503 mln dlr . the weak of the local currenc , peg at 7.80 to one u.s. dollar , and low fuel price move further in the company' favour from the assumpt made in the prospectu at the time of the flotat , jame capel ( far east ) ltd said . jame capel estim averag fuel price for the airlin industri in 1986 at 63 u.s. cent per gallon , 27 pct below the 1985 level . it said a one pct movement in fuel price would affect cathay 's net profit by 10 mln dlr and forecast profit of 1.25 billion dlr . analyst said the compani 's estim of fuel price and currenc movement set out in it prospectu were conserv . `` thi is reflect in their interim result which show that profit margin ha increas , '' said frederick tsang of mansion hous secur ( f.e . ) ltd. cathay 's six-month turnov rose 19.8 pct from year-earli level , but profit rose 69 pct . the rise in oil price in late 1986 had littl impact on the compani 's fuel oil bill last year , as aviat fuel price usual lag behind crude price movement by sever month , analyst said . by last septemb the yen had risen some 54 pct against the hong kong dollar from the end of 1985 , the mark 43 pct and sterl 12 pct . `` overal the weak of the hong kong dollar against cathay 's major trade currenc help push passeng yield in the first half up 7.2 pct , '' said jame capel . `` thi should continu through the second half to enabl passeng yield to end the year up 7.6 pct . '' a strong perform from the 2.9 billion dlr in cash under manag also improv profit , jame capel said . a gener improv in air traffic last year contribut to cathay 's revenu increas , but the compani 's load factor declin becaus of increas competit and an expans of it fleet and servic . jame capel estim cathay 's passenger-kilometr flown last year rose six pct from 1985 and freight-kilometr flown climb 17 pct , though the airlin 's load factor probabl fell to 68.8 pct from 70 pct . `` cathay ad new plane , and wa forc to fli some rout last year becaus of the threat of competit from dragon air , '' said tsang . `` thi affect it load factor . '' fear of possibl competit from fledgl carrier & lt ; hong kong dragon airway ltd > may have contribut to cathay' decis to resum servic to new zealand last year , analyst said .