china to import more grain in 1987 china 's grain import will rise in 1987 becaus of a seriou drought and increas demand , but will be not be as larg as in the past , chines offici and japanes trader told reuter . they said foreign exchang constraint and nation polici would not allow a return to large-scal import , which peak at 16.15 mln tonn in 1982. an agricultur offici of the shanghai govern put maximum import at about 10 mln tonn thi year , against 7.73 mln in 1986 and 5.97 mln in 1985. offici said grain import rose in 1986 becaus of a poor harvest and rise domest demand , but remain below export , which rose to 9.42 mln tonn from 9.33 mln in 1985 . `` china is short of foreign exchang , '' the shanghai offici said . `` we can not reli on import , even at current low world price . onli if there is a major disast will we becom a major import . '' a japanes trader in peke said chines grain import would rise and export fall thi year becaus of the drought , low world price and rise domest demand for human and anim consumpt . `` at current price , china lose yuan on everi tonn of grain it export , though it earn foreign exchang which it badli need , '' the trader said . the peopl 's daili said last saturday a seriou drought is affect 13.3 mln hectar of arabl land , which will reduc the summer grain harvest from last year 's level . the paper ad that leader in some area were not pay enough attent to agricultur , especi grain , make it difficult to achiev the 1987 grain output target of 405 mln tonn against 391 mln in 1986 . `` all area must spare no effort to rais the autumn harvest area , especi of corn , sweet potato , paddi rice and high-yield cash crop , '' it said . it ad factori product might have to be reduc to provid electr for agricultur if it wa need to fight the drought . sinc januari , the press ha devot much attent to grain , stress that growth in output is vital to china' econom and polit stabil and that price paid to farmer are too low . offici in east china have repeatedli said stabl grain product is a key state polici and outlin the measur be taken in their area to encourag output . the shanghai offici said that in one suburb , 10 pct of the pre-tax profit of factori are use to subsidis agricultur . he said rural industri in other suburb also set asid money for grain and pay the salari of some of the 70,000 worker avail to help farmer . chu jinfeng , an offici of fengb counti outsid shanghai , said factori worker get 60 yuan a month and three year unpaid leav to grow grain and can keep the profit . pan huashan , an offici of the agricultur depart of zhejiang provinc , said rural industri also subsidis grain output in hi provinc . `` in addit , we are set up grain product base , rais the level of scienc and technolog on the farm and improv the suppli of raw materi , road and other infrastructur , '' he said . the shanghai offici said rural resid who work in industri or commerc usual keep their land to farm in their spare time , or let other famili member farm it . in some case , they leas the land to grain farmer . the china daili said last month that grain output should reach between 425 and 450 mln tonn by 1990 and between 480 and 500 mln by 2000. it said grow grain should be made profit . `` the advantag the state promis grain grower actual yield tangibl profit for them and are not siphon off by intermedi agenc becaus of bureaucraci or corrupt . onli thi will boost enthusiasm , '' it said .