fairchild deal failur seen make japanes wari schlumberg ltd 's & lt ; slb.n > decis to end an agreement in principl for fujitsu ltd & lt ; itsu.t > to buy 80 pct of it & lt ; fairchild semiconductor corp > , and the polit furor that surround the propos sale , will make japanes compani more cautiou in their effort to acquir u.s. high technolog firm but will not halt such attempt , industri analyst said . the collaps of the deal will not be a critic blow to fujitsu but it will boost the cost of futur u.s. expans by the japanes firm , said analyst poll by reuter . `` the acquisit of fairchild is not essenti to fujitsu' north american oper , but it would have been a great boost , '' jame capel and co analyst tom murtha said . french-control schlumberg said yesterday it wa end the agreement becaus mount polit controversi in the u.s. made it unlik that the sale of the fairchild stake could be complet in a reason time . the sale wa oppos by the u.s. commerc depart and defenc depart , partli on nation secur ground . fujitsu 's acquisit of fairchild would have given the japanes comput maker control of a comprehens north american sale and distribut system and access to microprocessor technolog , an area where fujitsu is weak , analyst said . the deal would also have given fujitsu 14 addit microchip product facil worldwid , eight of them in the u.s. , a report by the capel firm said . `` it wa an entri point , a port for semiconductor and a market channel for other thing , '' said barclay de zoet wedd analyst rick may . sever analyst said the purchas would not have given fujitsu access to critic defenc technolog . `` ( fairchild ) simpli doe n't have key technolog -- that 's a thing of the past , '' may said . the failur could be a bless in disguis for fujitsu as it might have had to spend sever hundr million dollar to modernis fairchild 's product line , capel 's murtha said . the failur of the deal will doubtless encourag japanes firm to take a lower profil in attempt to acquir u.s. high tech firm but they are unlik to stop , analyst said . most analyst said fujitsu wa like to go the more costli rout of expand it own product and distribut facil in the u.s. , although some said it could use the estim 200 mln dlr set asid for buy fairchild to tri to acquir some less polit symbol firm . `` it may slow the pace of japanes acquisit , but the necess of expand their product and design capac in america remain , '' said capel 's murtha . `` the japanes will continu to shop for bargain , but it will be harder to find one that are polit accept . '' japanes firm are like to favour joint ventur or smaller equiti stake in firm to avoid the polit backlash that block the fairchild sale , analyst said . `` they 're not go to slow up , they 're just go to buy smaller piec ... becaus of the polit risk , '' said barclay de zoet 's may . sever japanes firm have alreadi taken 10 to 30 pct share in smaller u.s. high technolog firm such as super minicomput maker , he said . opposit of the sort that block fujitsu could end up harm u.s. firm and undermin a trend toward multin tie-up , some analyst said . `` thi is not realli of benefit to u.s. firm either , '' said jardin fleme ( secur ) ltd analyst nick edward . `` the pool of resourc in semiconductor is a posit move -- whi should the govern step in to prevent it ? '' japan 's minist of intern trade and industri hajim tamura told a press confer that interfer by u.s. govern offici in the fairchild deal wa inappropri . `` thi is entir a privat sector matter and not a matter for govern ' comment , '' tamura said . `` i think it wa improp for u.s. govern offici to interven to the extent they did , '' he said . a spokesman told reuter the ministri 's view is that intern invest flow ought to be free and that such flow are of increas import in line with the grow close of u.s.-japanes econom tie .