zambia stop send copper through south africa zambia ha stop send it copper export through south africa , the offici time of zambia said . the newspap yesterday quot highli place sourc as say the state-own zambia consolid copper mine ( zccm ) wa divert it miner export away from south africa , but it did not say which altern rout were be use . zccm offici declin to comment on the report , but standwel mapara , gener manag of the tanzania-zambia railway author ( tazara ) , told reuter recent virtual all zambian miner export had been channel along the tazara line to dar es salaam for the last three month . dure that period no zambian copper had been ship through zimbabw to the mozambican port of beira - the onli other avail rout which avoid south africa , mapara said . last decemb tazara carri 36,000 tonn of zambian miner ore , the line 's record for ani one month period , he ad . copper , cobalt and other miner export account for 95 to 98 pct of zambia 's foreign exchang earn and presid kenneth kaunda told reuter in a recent interview it wa vital for hi countri to assur new outlet for them , avoid the tradit rout through south africa . refer to zambia 's prepar for a possibl cut in econom link with south africa , kaunda told reuter in an interview on march 1 , `` my main concern , of cours , is the mine becaus whatev happen we must continu to run the mine . '' accord to mapara , tazara handl 1.1 mln tonn of freight last year and is still work well below it present 1.4 mln capac . kaunda said that onc prepar had been complet for evacu zambia 's miner export on safe and depend rout hi govern would look to increas it usag of tazara for other type of cargo . the 1986 annual report of zambia 's state-run metal market corpor said 81 pct of the countri 's metal export were channel through dar es salaam last year , versu 79 pct in 1985. the report said zambian copper product fell to 463,000 tonn last year from 526,000 in 1985. despit the offici optim about diversifi zambia' export rout , diplomat sourc in lusaka express reserv about the capac of dar es salaam and beira port to handl all of zambia 's miner export , even if they could be haul there by train . `` the two port can not in ani way and in their present form handl the huge export of zambian copper , '' one western diplomat said . `` a seriou disrupt in copper movement to the market could be brought about as it would pile up at the two port which lack the facil and space to handl the copper tonnag , '' he ad .