japan say u.s.-japan microchip pact work japan offici sought to convinc the u.s. that a u.s.-japan pact on microchip trade is work ahead of an april 1 deadlin set by the u.s. for them to prove their case . `` we are implement the agreement in good faith and the situat doe not run counter to the pact , `` osamu watanab , director of the ministri of intern trade and industri ' ( miti ) america and ocean divi , told foreign report . `` the effect of the measur we have taken and are take are emerg in the market place , `` he said . u.s. trade offici have repeatedli accu japan microchip maker of violat the pact by continu to sell at below cost in market outsid japan and the unit state . the agreement , sign last septemb , aim at halt predatori japan price polici and increa u.s. semiconductor firm ' access to the japan market . the comment by miti offici follow a call by prime minsit yasuhiro nakason to clear up ani misunderstand on the u.s. side about the pact , watanab said . yukio honda , director of miti 's industri electron divi , deni that japan chipmak were sell at below cost in third countri . miti 's call to japan chip maker last month to cut product of key memori chip in the first quarter of thi year ha begun to dri up the sourc of cheap chip for sale in the non-regul grey market , honda said . `` the grey market export from japan are shrink now , but in contrast u.s. and south korean compani are expand market share becau of their cheaper price , `` honda said . miti plan to take further step to reduc the excess suppli of inexpen chip which develop in japan after the pact wa form becau of a slump in japan semiconductor export to the unit state , he ad . the ministri will soon relea it supply-demand guidelin for the second quarter and suggest product volum are like to be lower than that for the first quarter , he said . despit businessmen 's ingenu in find way around ani artifici control , regul of suppli and demand should bring posit result , watanab said . `` i am optimist , `` he ad .