dollar seen fall unless japan spur economi underli dollar sentiment is bearish , and oper may push the currenc to a new low unless japan take step to stimul it economi as pledg in the pari accord , foreign exchang analyst poll by reuter said here . `` the dollar is expect to tri it psycholog barrier of 150.00 yen and to fall even below that level , `` a senior dealer at one lead bank said . the dollar ha ea thi week , but remain stabl at around 151.50 yen . six major industri countri agr at a meet in pari in februari to foster currenc stabil . some dealer said the dollar may declin in the long term , but a drastic fall is unlik becau of u.s. fear of renew inflat and fear of reduc japan purcha of u.s. treasuri secur , need to financ the u.s. deficit . dealer gener doubt whether ani econom packag japan could adopt soon would be effect enough to reduc it trade surplu significantli , and said such measur would probabl invit further u.s. step to weaken the dollar . under the pari accord , tokyo promi a packag of measur after the fiscal 1987 budget wa pass to boost domest demand , increa import and cut it trade surplu . but debat on the budget ha been delay by an opposit boycott of parliamentari busi over the propo imposit of a five pct sale tax , and the govern ha onli a slim chanc of produc a mean econom packag in the near futur , the dealer said . if no such step are taken , protectionist sentiment in the u.s. congress will grow , put greater downward pressur on the dollar , they said . the factor affect the u.s. currenc have not chang sinc befor the pari accord , they ad . `` underli sentiment for the dollar remain bearish due to a still-sluggish u.s. econom outlook , the intern debt crisi trigger by brazil 's unilat suspen of interest payment on it foreign debt and the reduc clout of the reagan administr as a result of the iran/contra arm scandal , `` said a senior dealer at a lead trust bank . `` there is a possibl that the dollar may declin to around 140.00 yen by the end of thi year , `` said chemic bank tokyo branch vice presid yukuo takahashi . but oper find it hard to push the dollar either way for fear of possibl concert central bank interv . dealer said there were widespread rumour that the u.s. feder reserv telephon some bank in new york to ask for quot last wednesday , and even interven to sell the dollar when it rose to 1.87 mark . the bank of england also appar sold sterl in london when it near 1.60 dlr on wednesday , they said . but other dealer said they doubt the efficaci of central bank interv , say it may stimul the dollar 's declin becau mani dealer are like to await such dollar buy interv as a chanc to sell dollar . howev , first nation bank of chicago tokyo branch assist manag hiroshi mochizuki said `` the dollar will not show drastic movement at least to the end of march . `` other dealer said the u.s. seem unwil to see ani strong dollar swing until japan compani close their book for the fiscal year end on march 31 , becau a weak dollar would give japan institut investor paper loss on their foreign hold , which could make them lose interest in purcha of u.s. treasuri secur . u.s. monetari offici may refrain from make ani comment thi month to avoid influenc rate , they said .