lawson oil tax break to help new field - revenu two new u.k. tax relief measur for oil produc , announc today , are aim at encourag develop in the north sea to go ahead and boost opportun for the offshor suppli industri , the inland revenu said in a post-budget statement . earlier , chancellor of the exchequ nigel lawson announc in hi annual budget to parliament that from today , compani will be allow to offset up to 10 pct of qualifi develop expenditur on certain futur oil field against petroleum revenu tax ( prt ) . to date , full relief wa allow for expenditur on an individu field itself , when it incom stream began , but wa not immedi avail against other develop expenditur , the statement said . the new relief will appli to field outsid the southern basin for which develop consent is first given on or after today , and will improv the post-tax econom of new develop and encourag compani to proceed with project which might have been delay , it said . lawson also announc that he would henceforth allow certain expenditur on oil relat research which doe not at present qualifi for prt relief to be offset against prt liabil . thi mean oil-rel expenditur in the u.k. or on the u.k. continent shelf , which ha not becom allow in a particular field within three year of be incur , to be allow against prt liabil in ani oil field , the inland revenu said . thi bring the scope of prt relief for research cost more in line with corpor tax relief measur , and is plan to encourag gener research into way of reduc field develop cost , it said . in due cours , the industri should benefit by over 100 mln stg a year , it calcul . the inland revenu statement also includ other technic measur that lawson did not comment on in hi budget speech . these includ measur to allow compani to balanc their share of prt-exempt oil allow through realloc in two past period of allow utilis . tidier rule on incorrectli allow prt expenditur relief were announc , while there were also ammend on rule on corpor tax and advanc corpor tax relat to the so-cal `` ring fenc '' of activ in the u.k. and it continent shelf . the financ bill will have provis for the implement of measur announc in novemb , it said . gareth lewi davi , a north sea expert with stockbrok wood mackenzi and co inc in edinburgh , thought the two relief on prt would help the depress offshor industri . he said the 10 pct cross field allow relief would favour chanc that develop of smaller north sea field such osprey , don and arbroath would be brought forward . earli develop of the larger miller and bruce oil field might also be encourag , he said . lewi davi said the measur might also aid the offshor construct industri , which suffer a huge amount of lay-off under the price slump of more than 50 pct last year . he point out that the relief onli appli to the develop of new field outsid the southern basin . thi mean more job could be creat , as the field in the central and northern sector of the north sea are deeper than in the south and thu have greater capit and labour requir as the water are deeper than in the south . he said the prt relief for certain research expenditur would help fundament research in the oil industri , although the benefit of thi research would not be seen for sever year .