analyst see earli one point cut in u.k. base rate british bank base lend rate are like to fall by as much as one full point to 9-1/2 pct thi week follow the sharp three billion stg cut in the u.k. central govern borrow target to four billion stg set in today 's 1987 budget , bank analyst said . the analyst describ chancellor of the exchequ nigel lawson 's budget as cautiou , a qualiti which currenc and money market had alreadi start to reward . sterl surg on foreign exchang market and money market interest rate move sharpli lower as news of the budget measur came through , the analyst said . lloyd merchant bank chief economist roger bootl said he expect base rate to be cut by one full point tomorrow . `` thi is veri much a safety-first budget in order to get interest rate down , `` he said . bootl said the money market had almost entir discount such a one point cut , with the key three month interbank rate down to 9-11/16 pct from 9-13/16 last night , and it would be rather conserv for bank to go for a half-point cut now . midland bank treasuri economist david simmond said he , too , expect base rate would be a full point lower by friday , but thi would like happen via two half-point cut . `` thi budget is design to plea both the market and the elector . the implic for interest rate are veri favour , we could have a half-point cut tomrorow and anoth such cut befor the end of the week , `` simmond said . point to buoyant u.k. retail data relea yesterday , he said lawson had done well to resist pressur for a sharp cut in incom tax rate at the expen of a lower borrow target . `` there is no real need to boost privat consumpt , `` he said . nation westminst bank chief economist david kern said the lower borrow target set in the budget had increa the likelihood of an earli one-point base rate cut . kern said the budget would have to be anali care , in particular to see how exactli lawson plan to achiev the sharper than expect borrow target cut , befor a one-point base rate cut could be implement . but provid the budget small-print wa convinc , `` and i suspect it will be , it is entir possibl that we see one point off base rate by the end of thi week , `` kern said . bootl of lloyd said the expect base rate cut would pave the way for an earli one-point cut in mortgag lend rate . thi would help achiev lawson 's lower than expect consum price inflat target of four pct at end-1987 , he said . u.k. base rate were cut last week to 10-1/2 pct from 11 pct after sustain pressur from the foreign exchang , money and govern bond ( gilt ) market . but build societi said they would not cut lend rate until base rate had fallen by one full point .