dollar valu appropri , bundesbank offici say the dollar is near appropri level against european currenc and the yen , and a further fall could damag confid in the currenc while endang world econom growth , a top bundesbank offici said . board member leonhard glesk also told a forex associ confer current exchang rate of major currenc `` can be view as equilibrium level in a medium-term perspect . '' he said the recent pari agreement on currenc stabilis and polici coordin between the group of five and canada may herald `` an era of greater exchang rate stabil . '' the pari agreement wa not , howev , an attempt to set up perman target zone for exchang rate , glesk stress , ad such target would be extrem difficult to agre and enforc on an intern level . `` at present level the dollar can no longer be consid grossli overvalu in relat to the european currenc and the yen , '' glesk said . he said the dollar had fallen much less against currenc of import trade nation such as canada , korea , taiwan and hong kong , and further fall there may still be necessari . but `` a further dollar depreci against major european currenc and the yen may not be the best way to restor the dollar to a fulli competit posit , as measur by it weight extern valu , '' he said . in fact , a further mark declin in the dollar rate would hold two major danger , glesk said . first , in countri with larg balanc of payment surplus such as japan and west germani , it threaten to hamper econom growth and thu slow down the expans of real incom and domest expenditur necessari to wipe out surplus . second , in the unit state , it could damag investors' confid in the dollar and thu reduc their willing to financ huge fiscal and extern payment deficit , glesk said . glesk also wa strongli sceptic that an intern system of bind target zone for currenc , fluctuat in narrow band against each other , can be establish . such target threaten to caus polici conflict , `` both within countri and between them . '' for instanc , the u.s. relianc on foreign capit to fund it deficit requir interest rate there be set at high level , but domest consider call for low one . if target zone were establish , thi would put `` pressur on other countri to reduc their interest rate even more , even though thi may be in conflict with their own domest situat and prioriti , '' he said . glesk ad , `` target the exchang rate even within a wide margin will meet with seriou object where there is a clearli perceiv potenti for conflict between domest and extern polici prioriti . '' comment on the pari currenc accord , glesk said it chanc of stabilis exchang rate rest heavili on current interest rate differenti be maintain . these chanc `` seem to me to rest critic on the expect that the current configur of interest rate , and the monetari polici behind them , will assur smooth financ of current account imbal in the month ahead . '' glesk said past experi of currenc adjust had learn `` that market are inclin to be impati and will thu tend to overshoot . '' he said thi `` would seem to be unnecessari and should be avoid if at all possibl . '' monetari polici can help achiev thi , but onli if market believ that pledg chang in fiscal polici will lead to balanc intern payment , he said .