taft & lt ; tfb > stock rise on propo taft broadcast co stock rose almost three point today as it vice chairman and an invest group propo to sweeten a takeov offer for the compani . howev , sever arbitrag said they would shi away from the stock at it current price level sinc it is unclear how high bid for the compani would go and whether the compani would agr to a takeov . `` there are too mani uncertainti , `` said one arbitrag . taft stock rose 2-7/8 to 155-3/4 . dudley taft , taft vice chairman , and narragansett capit inc said they sent a letter to the taft board , state they were commit to pursu acquisit of the broadcast compani and were prepar to negoti a transact in excess of 150 dlr per share . the compani respond that the propo would be submit to the board of director , but that no deci have yet been made on a sale of the compani . `` someon 's bet thi compani will go for 170 ( dlr per share ) , `` said one arbitrag . arbitrag said the stock is a riski buy at current level , unless an offer wa accept in the 170 dlr per share rang . they said to make an arbitrag invest at thi level would be chanci sinc it will take a long time for ani transact to be complet becau of regulatori approv necessari for the broadcast properit . taft earlier reject a 145 dlr per share or 1.35 billion dlr bid from the invest group . the compani said it reject the bid as inadequ base on advic of goldman , sach and co , it financ advi . it said it would consid altern such as restructur . arbitrag specul a bid war may erupt for taft , which ha two larg sharehold in an invest group led by robert bass and carl lindner , chairman of american financ corp. the bass group hold 25 pct of taft and lindner hold 16.2 pct . the taft famili , which found the compani almost 50 year ago , ha about 12 pct . lindner last week told the secur and exchang commiss he may be interest in make a bid for taft . `` i could see if thing got realli crazi that it might go for 175 ( dlr per share ) , `` said one arbitrag , but he specul it probabl would not even be taken over for more than a price in the 160 . anoth specul that lindner might bid , but he specul the investor would not realli be interest in run the compani . lindner wa unavail for comment . denni mcalpin , an analyst with oppenheim and co , said he had specul the compani might be consid a leverag buyout . `` ideal , you 'd have to break thi thing up to satisfi all the interest involv , `` he said , ad the two largest sharehold might be interest in piec of taft . he said the highest takeov price he calcul for the compani ha been about 140 dlr per share , but that the highest estim on wall street have been about 160. he said the latter would be base on more optimist expect for the broadcast industri .