opec want 18 dlr oil price - oapec offici opec believ world oil price should be set around a fix averag price of 18 dlr a barrel , oapec assist gener secretari abdelaziz al-wattari said today . in a speech to a european commun ( ec ) /oapec/opec seminar in luxembourg relea here , al-wattari said : `` opec believ ... the world energi trade should be kept without restrict and should be built around a fix averag price of 18 dlr . `` but he warn that defen of the 18 dlr a barrel level had cau hardship for opec countri , who had been forc to curtail product , and he warn that such cutback by opec state could not be sustain in some case . `` for opec to stabil the world oil price at what is now consid the optim level of 18 dlr a barrel , it member countri have had to undergo sever hardship in curtail product , `` al-wattari said . `` such cutback ... can not , in certain case , be sustain , `` al-wattari said . as well as financ and market pressur , some state depend on associ ga output for domest use and oil cutback had left insuffici ga suppli , he ad . al-wattari note that total opec output wa below the organ 's agr ceil for all member countri in februari , although thi had meant sacrif . the effect of these sacrif meant that market stabil , though restor to a good level , wa still under pressur , al-wattari said . `` a last stabil in the world market requir a wider scope of intern cooper , `` he ad . he said some non-opec oil produc countri had shown a polit will after 1986 to cooper with opec . but although cutback announc by these state were polit signif and welcom by opec , they were insuffici in term of volum , he ad . `` the over major of non-opec produc have not respond suffici to opec ' call for suppli regul , `` he said . al-wattari said an 18 dlr a barrel price wa optim as it allow invest in the oil industri outsid opec to continu , while not gener excess cash flow for otherwi unviabl high-cost area outsid opec . such a price would no longer encourag protectionist measur , he ad . fadhil al-chalabi , opec deputi secretari gener , also address the seminar , ad that disciplin wa still need to prevent violent fluctuat in the oil market . cooper between arab state and europ wa advantag for both side , al-chalabi said , ad he hope cooper would ultim lead to full-fledg euro-arab dialogu .