u.s. hous data fail to clarifi econom path surprisingli strong u.s. hous statist for februari can not be taken as an indic that the economi is gener ani momentum and are not suffici caus to start lift forecast for first quarter growth , economist said . build wa boost by two factor last month , unusu mild weather and low mortgag rate . but economist said that season factor make it hard to assess what spur to the economi , if ani , will come from hous in come month . and after a steadi retreat , mortgag rate seem to be near bottom . u.s. hous start rose 2.6 pct in februari to a season adjust annual rate of 1.851 mln unit from 1.804 mln in januari . it wa the highest pace for start sinc april 1986. the rate at which permit were issu for futur build climb 4.4 pct to a season adjust annual rate of 1.764 mln unit after drop 11.52 pct to 1.690 mln in januari . `` februari 's weather is usual more advers for home build . becaus of season factor it 's difficult to determin what thi mean for the economi down the road , '' said allan lesli of discount corp. the hous report is seasonally-weight to compens for weather-rel setback . as a result , milder temperatur inflat the statist . economist said that low mortgag rate also were a spur to build last month . but sever believ that rate will now consolid befor edg up in late spring/earli summer . `` builder are look at current mortgag rate and say 'let 's do it now ' , '' said mark obrinski of the u.s. leagu of save institut in washington , whose member suppli much of the financ for home build . but obrinski doubt that there is much more downward potenti for rate becaus he forese higher inflat and some overal improv in the u.s. economi . he expect rate to gain 50 to 100 basi point in earli summer from the 9.50 pct fix rate effect in februari . last novemb , fix rate mortgag were about 10.30 pct . as expect , the strength in hous wa concentr in the single-famili sector . the multi-famili area -- which typic repres rental unit -- remain weak due to high vacanc rate and increas capit cost of such unit follow tax law chang effect januari 1. single-famili start rose at a 5.6 pct annual pace to 1.317 mln unit . multi-famili fell 4.1 pct to a 534,000 rate . `` strength in the single-famili sector indic that low mortgag rate are do their job . but we 're probabl not look at a great deal of growth potenti , '' said ward mccarthi of merril lynch capit market . mccarthi note that the hous report , togeth with larger than expect gain in u.s. employ , industri output and retail sale in februari , may caus some observ to start wave `` four pct gnp banner '' for the first quarter . gross nation product grew 1.3 pct in the fourth quarter . but mccarthi , who still expect first quarter real gnp to come in at an annual rate of 2.5 pct or slightli abov , is not convinc that growth will pick up in futur . `` the big stori is the inventori re-build that 's go on now , not all of which is intent , '' he said . for exampl , u.s. automak , who are alreadi saddl with high stock , produc at an annual rate of 8.3 mln unit in februari compar with domest car sale of 7.3 mln . thu while inventori could contribut to gnp in the first quarter , they may result in scaled-back product and weaker growth in the second , he said . `` if most of the first quarter growth is inventori build and we can not identifi ani improv in export demand , then there is the potenti for soft in the second quarter , '' agre allan lesli of discount corp. he is still evalu first quarter gnp prospect . feder reserv chairman paul volcker said last week that current data do not show the worsen in trade ha revers . `` at the same time that we are pump up inventori in the first quarter , we could forese product slow in the second , '' caution joe plocek of mccarthi , crisanti and maffei inc , who expect first quarter growth of about three pct .