thai bank weigh new interest rate cut offici of five thai commerci bank are expect to meet tomorrow to seek agreement on cut interest rate , bank sourc said . they said they expect thai bank to opt for a cut to spur domest loan demand to help reduc persist high liquid on the money market . mani banker have been urg an averag half percentag point cut in deposit rate and a one point cut in lend rate , they said . six major thai major bank reduc minimum loan and overdraft rate by 0.50 to 0.75 percentag point on februari 16 but the move ha not substanti increas loan demand , the sourc said . excess liquid ha been hit bank profit sinc earli last year despit five interest rate cut in 1986. the current gross 7.25 pct interest rate for one-year fix bank deposit and the 11.5 pct minimum loan rate are the lowest in a decad . banker said the thai bank system is saddl with about 40 to 50 billion baht of surplu fund which have creat problem for mani bank in manag their money effect . profit of mani thai bank fell sharpli last year partli becaus of a mismatch of loan demand and bank deposit growth . the bank of thailand estim overal lend by the thai bank system grew 3.8 pct in 1986 against a 12 pct expans in bank deposit . report of a possibl new round of interest rate cut have further buoy the thai stock market thi week . the secur exchang of thailand ( set ) index on monday record it biggest daili advanc in recent year , shoot up 4.57 point to a new seven-year high of 223.02. broker and market analyst said thai stock will regist more gain as long as liquid remain in the money market . thai and foreign banker said the liquid problem will grow if the bank of thailand doe not extend permiss for local bank to hold foreign exchang posit up to 40 pct of bank capit . if the regul is not extend beyond it april 3 expiri date , mani commerci bank will have to reduc foreign exchang hold to a maximum 20 pct . banker said such that could add anoth five billion baht of surplu fund to the local money market .