global trade in yen bond futur expect soon global trade of yen bond futur is just around the corner and they are expect to be list soon on the london intern financi futur exchang ( liff ) and the chicago board of trade ( cbot ) , bond manag said . `` internationalis of the yen through expans of oversea portfolio in yen asset is the key to the success of global trade of yen bond futur , '' said katsuyuki okayasu , gener manag of yamaichi secur co ltd 's bond divis . `` but tokyo-bas order are necessari for a primari stimulu for the liff yen bond futur market , '' said tetsuya dezuka , deputi gener manag of the money market section of new japan secur co ltd , one of the most activ yen bond broker in london . healthi growth of yen bond futur market depend basic on substanti liquid in cash yen bond market oversea and on the yen becom attract to trader there , dealer said . outstand yen cash bond worldwid stand at around 140,000 billion yen , with most held in japan , they said . an agreement between cbot and liff in earli februari on mutual settlement is expect to link u.s. treasuri bond futur trade in london and chicago , enabl a continu 12-hour session , bond manag here said , ad the move wa made with yen bond futur trade in mind . liff is prepar for an earli list of yen bond futur after receiv approv from japan 's financ ministri last decemb . but futur market will never take root unless they are back by substanti liquid in cash bond market , dealer said . daili transact in the london yen cash bond market now stand at 200 to 300 billion yen , but the extent of investor- link transact is unknown , secur bond manag said . `` japanes corpor have been activ set up their financ compani in london , suggest they increasingli are engag in , not onli fund rais , but manag there , '' dezuka said . the steep increas in the number of branch of japanes secur hous in london and the grow number of u.s. and u.k. broker come to tokyo ha help the london market' growth , dealer said . internationalis of the yen is also like to be promot by yen bond trade in chicago and new york later thi year , secur manag said . the recent remov of a key regulatori obstacl by the u.s. secur and exchang commiss will allow the cbot to appli to the commod futur trade commiss for a yen bond futur contract , they said . the rule remov a regul which prohibit trade futur of design foreign govern debt secur not locat in the issu countri . fundament broker inc , a major u.s. broker ' broker , ha decid to launch yen bond broke on it display system in new york as earli as april . cbot 's start of an even session , plan for the end of april , will also multipli yen bond futur trade , a nomura secur co ltd bond manag said . but there are still obstacl to trade on the london market . `` problem concern cash bond deliveri and clear are major obstacl for an earli launch at liff , '' said koki chiyojima , deputi gener manag of nikko secur co ltd' bond administr divis . nikko secur co ltd , one of the big four japanes secur hous , is respons for correspond with liff on these matter . japan 's financ ministri will start issu bond with coupon payment of either march and septemb , or june and decemb from april 1 , match futur deliveri month . the ministri now pay coupon in januari , june , juli and decemb . when deliveri month and coupon payment do not match , a 20 pct withhold tax is impos on interest earn by non-resid bond holder , a deterr to liff , secur manag said . liff is like to wait until the outstand amount of bond with match month increas to over sever billion yen , bond manag said . these bond will be use for deliveri , as they are expect to be the cheapest deliver issu due to low interest rate , they said . market particip here expect a clear organis to be set up by the time they have substanti deliver cash issu , make oversea list probabl in the latter half of 1987 .