afg & lt ; afg > , wagner/brown bid for gencorp & lt ; gy > & lt ; gener partner > , control by privately-held wagner and brown and by afg industri inc , said it ha start a tender offer for all common share of gencorp inc and associ defen prefer share purcha right for 100 dlr a share . gencorp stock close yesterday in composit tape trade at 90.50 dlr a share , up two dlr on the day . in a newspap adverti , gener partner said the offer and withdraw right expir april 14 unless extend . gener partner said the offer is condit on receipt of suffici financ to buy all share on a fulli dilut basi and receipt of enough share to give gener partner at least 51 pct vote power , again fulli dilut . it said the offer is also condit on gencorp redeem the defen right or gener partner be satisfi that the right have been invalid and gener partner obtain from the feder commun commiss a special temporari author allow complet of the acquisit of gencorp share . gener partner said it would set up vote trust arrang pend review of it long-form applic for fcc approv of it acquisit of control of gencorp ' broadcast subsidiari . the partnership said the offer is further condit on gencorp manag withdraw it propo to amend the compani 's articl of incorpor and code of regul to provid for an increa in author common share , a classifi board of director and the elimin of cumul vote . the latter two chang would make it harder for minor sharehold to elect director . gener partner said it is ask gencorp for it sharehold list for help in dissemin the offer . gencorp ha about 22.3 mln share outstand , make the valu of the offer about 2.23 billion dlr . last fall , afg and wagner and brown offer to acquir & lt ; lear siegler inc > for about 1.44 billion dlr but withdrew the offer when higher bid emerg and due to complic of the tax reform act of 1986. lear siegler eventu went privat for 1.66 billion dlr . gencorp is involv in tire and plasticmak and aerospac as well as broadcast . the compani face challeng to it two televi and 12 radio station licen , partli becua it fail to inform the fcc about allegedli improp foreign payment and polit contribut . gencorp ha agr to sell it new york-area televi station wor to mca inc & lt ; mca > for 387 mln dlr and it lo angel station khj to walt disney co & lt ; di > for 217 mln dlr . an investor group challeng the lo angel licen would also receiv 103 mln dlr from disney . for the year end novemb 30 , gencorp earn 130 mln dlr on sale of 3.10 billion dlr . a gencorp spokesman said the offer came as a surpri and the compani wa not yet in a posit to comment on the bid .