bundesbank seen steer steadi monetari cour the bundesbank is like to steer a steadi monetari cour over the next few week and a chang in credit polici is not expect at tomorrow 's regular central bank council meet , bank economist and dealer said . `` there is no need for action , `` hermann remsperg , chief economist of berlin handels- and frankfurt bank ( bhf ) said . other note that exchang rate are stabl after last month 's group of six agreement in pari and central bank money stock growth is still well abov the three to six pct target zone , so a chang in credit polici could be rule out . one money market dealer said comment by bundesbank presid karl otto poehl at a privat seminar in duesseldorf two week ago hint at anoth interest rate cut onli indic the bundesbank might act if condit chang . bank economist said u.s. pressur on west germani to further ea credit polici had rece sinc the pari pact . but such demand could re-emerg if west germani fail to stimul it economi enough to affect the massiv u.s. trade deficit . remsperg said continu strong money suppli growth also preclud a further cut in offici interest rate . central bank money stock wa grow at an annual 7.5 pct in februari , unchang from the 7.5 pct in januari . economist said some of the 18 member of the central bank council were worri about the continu overshoot in the money suppli target and were bound to resist ani move to cut rate . but poehl play down the risk of inflat . economist said the fact that money stock growth remain stabl last month wa a success . some said it wa like to return to within the target rang later thi year . `` the special factor which boost money suppli growth last year are disappear , `` one economist said . he said some 75 pct of the money suppli increa in 1986 wa cau by a sharp rise in the inflow of foreign fund . thi trend had been rever recent and with domest credit demand like to remain at steadi level , money stock growth wa expect to narrow in the medium-term . these develop were increa the bundesbank 's scope for a rate cut in the medium-term , economist said . money market dealer said period rate remain littl chang , indic no chang in credit polici wa expect . call money rate declin to 3.75/80 pct from 3.90/95 yesterday , with the market well stock with liquid . dealer said call money wa soft becau tax payment on behalf of custom had been less than expect so far . but rate were like to tighten again as soon as the full effect of thi month 's major tax payment period is felt . payment for the feder railway bond are also like to burden the market . the bundesbank did not inject liquid via a secur repurcha agreement thi week , but counter a tighten in rate on monday by inject fund through government-own bank . dealer said recent secur repurcha pact had shown the bundesbank clearli want call money rate stabl at 3.80. one dealer said , `` if the central bank want lower interest rate , it would first of all drive call money rate down . `` bank remain rel well stock with minimum reserv asset . they held 52.9 billion mark in minimum reserv on monday , averag 53.7 billion mark over the first 16 day of march . a requir of around 51 billion is expect .