gencorp & lt ; gy > group hold 9.8 pct stake ( gener partner ) , a texa gener partnership equal own by affili of wagner and brown and afg industri inc & lt ; afg > , said it current hold 2,180,608 common share , or about 9.8 pct , of gencorp inc 's & lt ; gy > outstand common stock . gener partner said it began a 100 dlr a share cash tender offer for all of gencorp , an akron , ohio-ba concern , that is worth nearli 2.3 billion dlr . gencorp , which ha interest in tire- and plastic-mak , aerospac and broadcast , ha about 22.3 mln share outstand . the gener partner offer is subject to receipt of financ , a major of gencorp share and other condit . in a letter to gencorp chairman and chief execut a. william reynold describ the offer , gener partner said it wa will to negoti term of the offer and wa prepar to meet as soon as possibl . in a statement , gener partner said it ha contribut 250 mln dlr in equiti financ and also ha commit for a one billion dlr credit line from well fargo and co & lt ; wfc > and a 1.25 billion loan from shearson lehman brother hold inc , a unit of american express co & lt ; axp > . a gencorp spokesman said the compani 's manag wa meet but that it board wa not schedul to meet today . he said he wa not sure the compani had formal receiv notic of the offer but wa awar of it through press account . he declin to say what gencorp 's next move might be or whether it would issu a statement later today . in the letter , gener partner said it plan to maintain gencorp 's corpor headquart in akron , and retain the compani 's plastic and industri product busi and it tire and relat product segment . the letter did not mention gencorp 's rko gener broadcast subsidiari , which ha been involv in disput over licen renew at sever of it televi station . gencorp ha agr to sell two of it independ station , wor in the new york area and khj in lo angel . gener partner offici were not immedi avail . gencorp share were delay at the open on the new york stock exchang becau of an imbal of order , and the nyse said the share were indic to open at 103 to 115. the share close up two yesterday at 90-1/2 , a new 52-week high . the financ for the offer includ the 250 mln dlr in equiti from gener partner , the 1.25 billion dlr loan from shearson lehman brother , a senior subordin bridg loan for which a bind agreement can be deliv within 24 hour after a request from the partnership , and the one billion dlr credit line from well fargo . well fargo ha agr to lend up to 250 mln dlr of the line itself and form a syndic of bank to provid the rest , the partnership said . shearson lehman brother inc will act as dealer manag in the tender offer , it said . in the letter , the partnership said it wa confid it could obtain the financ and close the transact promptli . last fall afg and privat held wagner and brown offer to acquir ( lear siegler inc ) for about 1.44 billion dlr but withdrew the offer when higher bid emerg . lear siegler eventu went privat for about 1.66 billion dlr .