morgan grenfel say 1986 profit hit by guin & lt ; morgan grenfel group plc > said it 1986 pre-tax profit were lower than forecast becau of depreci in the valu of it guin plc & lt ; guin.l > share and becau of secur trade loss in the u.s. morgan chairman lord catto said the loss on the group ' seven mln guin share in addit to a 3.5 mln dlr loss on it risk arbitrag oper in new york depress profit some eight mln stg to 82.2 mln . he also told a news confer morgan had receiv inform approach about a takeov of the group but wa not interest . no formal offer had been made , but catto would not elabor . morgan grenfel act as merchant banker to guin dure the brew compani 's success bid for distil co plc & lt ; dist.l > in the first half of last year . the u.k. govern launch an investig into the affair of guin last decemb . public concern ha focu on the way guin may have breach u.k. compani law and the takeov code by prompt other to support it share price dure the bid . morgan chief execut christoph reev , head of corpor financ graham walsh and senior corpor financ director roger seelig all resign in januari over the guin affair . anoth senior morgan grenfel execut , geoffrey collier , resign late last year on alleg of trade on insid inform . he current face crimin charg . lord catto said the second half of 1986 had been `` one of the most traumat in our histori , `` but that client and staff had been support . `` i certainli look on the futur in a posit way . we have the worst behind us and have swept noth under the carpet . `` profit for the year , up 19.4 pct from 1985 pre-tax profit of 68.8 mln stg , were mainli due to a high contribut from corpor financ activ and progress in asset manag . financ director david ewart told the news confer the perform of the group so far in 1987 wa `` within reason touch of the budget . `` lord catto also said the group wa activ seek a new chief execut to replac sir peter carey , who is act as interim director after reev ' resign , and hope to have a new chief execut within a few month . he also said reev and walsh had been paid a total of 562,000 stg in compen follow their resign , but declin to say how much each man got . negoti were go on to determin an amount of compen for seelig , he said . morgan grenfel share stood at a late 366p , 9p down on yesterday 's 375p . reuter ...