sec move to disciplin allegheni int ' l & lt ; ag > the secur and exchang commiss ( sec ) staff is seek author to take enforc action against allegheni intern inc , the pittsburgh-bas industri and consum product firm said . allegheni made the disclosur in document file with the sec in connect with it recent agreement to be taken privat through a leverag buyout led by first boston inc. `` follow announc of the merger agreement , the compani wa inform by the enforc divis of the ( sec ) that it intend to seek author from the commiss to institut a proceed against the compani , '' allegheni said . `` the compani is cooper in the commission' investig which is continu and now includ the take of testimoni of employ and other , '' allegheni said . in the ongo probe , allegheni said , the staff ha ask for inform about compani execut compens and benefit plan , certain company-own real estat , travel and entertain spend and the use of corpor aircraft . it also ha ask for inform on acquisit and divestitur , the compani 's account system `` and other intern control , '' allegheni said . the probe began in februari 1986 , allegheni said . the sec , as a matter of polici , routin declin comment on it enforc action . the sec investig began just month befor allegheni becam the target of a seri of sharehold lawsuit claim that the compani had violat the feder secur law by fail to disclos materi matter in recent annual proxi statement . the suit , later consolid into a singl class-act complaint befor a pennsylvania feder court , alleg secur law violat involv numer current and former allegheni offic and director . earlier thi month , lawyer for the sharehold ask the court to expand the charg to includ an alleg that , in the buyout , allegheni had attempt to illeg freez out it public sharehold at an unfair price . allegheni said it intend to vigor defend itself against all charg . the charg made in the sharehold suit are wide believ to have led to last summer 's resign of chairman and chief execut offic robert buckley . in the buyout , a group led by first boston tender march 13 for all outstand allegheni share at 24.60 dlr a share .