cattl be place on feed lighter than normal most of the cattl now be place on u.s. feedlot weigh less than normal and like will remain on feed longer , spread out market and support cattl price through the summer becau of reduc beef suppli . the prospect of so mani cattl remain on feed for a longer time blunt the market impact of the high placement report in the usda 's latest cattl on feed report , livestock analyst said . after the usda relea it report of cattl on feed in seven state as of march 1 , cattl futur on the chicago mercantil exchang yesterday rose sharpli . the trade had expect defer contract to declin on the usda report of a 15 pct rise in cattl placement in februari from a year ago . although the heavi placement were expect , analyst note report that mani cattl put on feed were rel lightweight and said feedlot oper would feed the lighter cattl into the autumn , rather than market them dure the summer as would be the case with the heavier cattl normal place on feed . although report of actual cattl weight are difficult to obtain , industri sourc in the west and southwest acknowledg that lighter cattl are be put on feedlot in their area . the increa in lighter-weight cattl enter feedlot , help explain the jump in feedlot placement last month from februari , 1986. univ of missouri agricultur economist glenn grime said , `` the probabl are high that in order to place that mani cattl on feed they ( feedlot oper ) had to go to lighter-weight cattl . the onli statist avail are from some termin market which repr onli a small percentag of the total cattl market . but at those market , steer averag 708 lb in februari compar with 718 lb last year , grime said . even if market of the lighter cattl is not delay , grime said , beef suppli like will be reduc . if the averag weight is down , and there is no price weak to delay market , the cattl would be market at lighter weight , which could reduc the beef suppli as much as three pct . bruce ginn , cattl analyst for the helm group ( formerli lba ) , said the lighter cattl are be place on feed mainli becau of two factor : low grain price and higher live cattl price . mani farmer like to feed lighter weight cattl and grain suppli are larg , he note . also , the higher live cattl price have been encourag earli movement of cattl from wheat pastur onto feedlot , ginn said . other analyst also note that cattl are come off wheat pastur sooner than normal becau of poor pastur condit . gari chapmann , a cash livestock trader for chapmann and graham in sioux citi , iowa said he believ the gener trend is to lighter weight placement but pastur condit in hi area benefit from a dri , mild winter . to the south , howev , he said the weather wa wetter and some cattl are come off pastur weigh 75 to 100 lb less than normal after have gain onli 75 lb all winter .