u.k. base rate will fall again soon , say analyst today 's modest half-point cut in u.k. bank base lend rate to 10 pct signal the bank of england ' determin to maintain a cautiou monetari stanc , but financ market appear set to forc it hand , analyst said . they said a further half-point cut in base rate to 9-1/2 pct wa bound to occur within the next week and rate may shed a further half point soon if market remain buoyant . earlier , market were brace for a one-point cut in rate after yesterday 's budget set a sharp three billion stg reduct in 1987 govern borrow target to four billion stg . sterl money market rate move lower again , with the key three-month interbank rate down to 9-5/8 1/2 pct at the start of busi from 9-11/16 9/16 yesterday , and sterl ralli to four-year high against the dollar in veri activ trade . govern bond price also surg on the budget , with gain in excess of one point push yield on long-term paper below nine pct for the first time in nearli a year . but today 's smaller than expect rate cut appear to have placat market for now , analyst said . money market rate recov up to 1/4 point from earlier low while both sterl and gilt came off high as trade ground to a near halt . analyst said the slowdown wa like to be temporari , and the reapprai of sterl asset by intern investor wa set to resum as earli as tomorrow , lead to higher gilt price , exchang rate advanc and lower money market rate . `` today 's cut wa slightli disappoint , `` said bill martin , chief u.k. economist at stockbrok phillip and drew . `` the bank of england is take a veri cautiou line ... to temper the market ' first rush of blood to the head after the budget . `` analyst said the bank 's move today to lend two-week cash to u.k. discount hou at a lower 10 pct suggest it hope to maintain the new rate for about that period of time . the analyst agr success would depend larg on how sterl perform in the near term . sharp rise in the pound 's valu could be check initi through bank of england interv but eventu the gain would forc the bank to cut interest rate rate again . `` the market seem to have accept the modest cut for the time be , `` said midland bank treasuri economist david simmond . `` but i am sceptic that the bank will be abl to hold up rate for long . `` simmond said he saw sterl rise anoth two u.s. cent thi week from around 1.60 dlr , forc a rate cut by friday . robin marshal , chief economist at chase manhattan secur , said `` there is anoth half point to come in the near term , thi week or next week at the latest ... we see a whole point off base rate in the next two or three week . `` analyst stress that apart from prestig , britain had veri littl to gain from a sharp rise in sterl 's exchang rate . martin , of phillip and drew , said the dampen effect of a sterl rise on consum price inflat would not materiali for at least nine month while it hamper impact on manufactur export would show almost immedi . analyst said the budget , featur incom tax cut as well as cautiou plan for public financ , had improv the chanc of re-elect for the conserv govern and probabl advanc the elect date . one must be held befor june , 1988. combin with over good prospect for the u.k. economi , thi wa like to fuel a foreign rush on sterling-denomin asset , push the pound 's valu well abov unoffici target . with mark-denomin invest larg out of favour becau of low yield and a dull econom outlook , chase ' marshal said `` sterl is simpli the best game in town , especi after the budget , and demand will remain strong . ``