econom spotlight - japan shipbuild recoveri japan 's ail shipbuild industri plan to refloat itself in a few year from the twin rock of recess and a strong yen through capac and workforc cut and greater use of comput , industri sourc told reuter . the salvag measur , which includ a government-sponsor rationali program , are aim at claw back some of the market which japan , the world leader , ha lost to south korea through currenc and labour cost disadvantag , they said . the sourc said south korea 's yard are now some 35 pct more competit than japan 's due to such factor . the govern plan to help the industri shed 20 pct of current capac within two year through merger and regroup under legisl put befor parliament thi month and like to be approv by may or june , the sourc said . they said from septemb a semi-govern bodi will assur repay of about 50 billion yen in liabil incur through job loss and the sale of excess capac , and anoth 30 billion for buy unne land and equip . last friday , the shipbuild associ of japan appli to the fair trade commiss to form a cartel to slash tonnag built to about half of total capac for a year from april 1. the commiss ha held sever hear with the industri and approv should be given thi month , the sourc said . a clampdown on output over one or two year combin with a plan cost-cut and streamlin program and state support should help japan yard recov their intern competit , they said . under the cartel propo , 33 yard each capabl of build ship of more than 10,000 gross tonn would build a maximum of three mln compen gross regist tonn ( cgrt ) in 1987/88 . thi is about half of total capac . thi will ea the cut-throat competit which forc most yard to sign order below cost , the sourc said . the industri is like to seek to renew the cartel for 1988/89 as the transport ministri see new order fall to 3.1 mln cgrt in 1988/89 from 3.3 mln in 1987/88 , they said . the rationali program includ a cut of 20,000 to 30,000 of the estim 100,000 worker in the industri between 1986 and 1989. japan yard top world order book at end-decemb , follow by south korea and taiwan , accord to lloyd ' regist of ship . howev , fall order and declin intern competit due to the strong yen led to heavi loss in the industri , the sourc said . four of japan 's six major heavi machineri and shipbuild compani report current deficit in the first half of the year to march 31 and five of them are expect to report current deficit for the whole of 1986/7 , they said . the shipbuild compani ' streamlin program will rai product to compet with south korean yard which have also been hard hit by declin order and low ship price in recnt year , the sourc said . in japan , no singl yard lead the industri , result in fierc competit and slow progress in reduc capac . the two largest firm -- mitsubishi heavi industri ltd & lt ; mith.t > and ishikawajima-harima heavi industri co ltd & lt ; jima.t > -- account for onli 30 pct of ship built , the sourc said . `` world shipown hope japan yard can manag to ride out the recess as their technolog is the best in the world , `` said an offici at a major japan ship compani . the japan merchant fleet , the largest after liberia 's , ha no intent of shift to other countri to buy ship , and thi will encourag japan yard , the sourc said .