u.s. corn market skew by soviet buy recent purcha of u.s. corn by the soviet union have skew the domest cash market by increa the price differ between the premium price paid at the gulf export point and interior level , cash grain dealer said . mani dealer expect the usda will act soon to reduc the cash price premium at the gulf versu the interior -- which a dealer in davenport , iowa , said wa roughli 20 pct wider than normal for thi time of year at 25 cent a bushel -- by make it worthwhil for farmer to move grain . by lower asc counti post price for corn , the usda could encourag farmer to engag in pik and roll corn sale , where pik certif are use to redeem corn store under the govern price support loan program and then market . if the usda act soon , as mani dealer expect , the movement would break the gulf corn basi . `` the usda ha been use the gulf price to determin counti post price , `` one dealer said . `` it should be take the averag of the gulf price and the price in kansa citi , `` which would more close reflect the lower price in the interior midwest . `` but we do n't know when they might do it , `` an ohio dealer said , which ha creat uncertainti in the market . the usda start the pik certif program in an effort to free up surplu grain that otherwi would be forfeit to the govern and remain off the market and in storag . yesterday , usda issu a report show that onli slightli more than 50 pct of the 3.85 billion dlr in pik certif it ha issu to farmer ( in lieu of cash payment ) had to date been exchang for grain . with sever billion dlr worth of addit pik certif schedul to be issu in the come month , the usda would be well advi to encourag the exchang for grain by adjust the asc price , cash grain dealer said . a byproduct of the soviet buy ha been a sharp rise in barg freight cost quot for carri grain from the midwest to the export termin , cash dealer said . freight from upper area of the mississippi have risen nearli 50 pct in the past two week to over 150 pct of the origin tariff price . the mild winter and earli reopen of the mid-mississippi river thi spring have also encourag the firmer trend in barg freight , dealer note . the higher transport cost have serv to depress interior corn basi level , squeez the margin obtain by the elev feed the gulf export market as well as discourag farmer market , they said . `` the gulf market overreact to the soviet buy report , `` which indic the ussr ha book over two and perhap as much as 4.0 mln tonn of u.s. corn , one midwest cash grain trader said . but dealer anticip that onc the rumor subsid , freight rate will settl back down becau of the over surplu of barg on the midwest river system .