franc announc plan to boost employ the govern announc a three billion franc program to combat long-term unemploy amid specul among polit and econom analyst that it is posit itself for a period of econom reflat . the packag present to the cabinet of prime minist jacqu chirac by social affair and labour minist philipp seguin today is to be financ out of a 7.5 billion franc conting fund announc on februari 25. financ minist edouard balladur previous rule out a reflationari program . long-term unemploy , defin as be out of work for more than one year , affect about 830,000 peopl or one third of french unemploy , govern figur show . the main measur of the employ program give employ financi incent to offer short-term work contract of at least two year and stress retrain to help the long-term unemploy return to the labour market . train subsidi and exempt from social secur contribut are the main incent for employ . `` compani tell us that we have to give them a strong incent to take on peopl who have fallen out of the labour market and that 's whi the propos ... are costli , '' an aid to seguin said . the analyst said specul the govern is consid a reflationari program wa spark by chirac spokesman deni baudouin , who said yesterday that minist were gener agre on the desir of relaunch the economi . he appear to contradict statement by balladur rule out econom stimul despit the govern 's revis of it 1987 growth forecast to about 2.0 pct from 2.8. financ ministri offici later clarifi baudouin' remark , say there wa no question of ani move to stimul the economi through a boost to consum spend although govern polici allow for increas industri invest from the proce of franc 's five-year privatis plan . the 1987 budget allow for 30 billion franc in revenu from privatis , to be split between repay nation debt and provid state enterpris with fresh capit . some polit analyst said baudouin 's comment possibl reflect widen differ within the rpr-udf coalit on social issu ahead of next year 's presidenti elect . divis began to show last decemb , when a wave of strike led by transport worker paralys the countri and drove the govern into a new mood of concili with labour . offici said that after the success of the privatis of cie de saint gobain & lt ; sgep.pa > and cie financier de pariba & lt ; pari.pa > the govern had decid to speed up it five-year privatis program with the aim of complet a third of it thi year , ahead of the presidenti elect expect in 1988. the acceler program could provid addit unbudget revenu to boost industri and research invest and spend on infrastructur such as the nation motorway network . the govern also today reviv a propos , block last year by socialist presid francoi mitterrand , to encourag more flexibl work hour , which it say will boost job by improv the competit of french industri . the propos allow night-shift work by women and variat in the standard 39-hour work week are to be put to parliament as a self-contain draft bill after be veto for procedur reason by mitterrand and later the council of state .