energy/dril industri the drastic cutback in u.s. drill last year are rapidli deflat the unit state 's natur ga bubbl , which could bring spot shortag in ga suppli next winter and a modest recoveri in the oilpatch , industri analyst said . falter deliver of natur ga , a commod that is difficult and costli to import in larg quantiti , could more than doubl the current u.s. rig count to near 2,000 by 1990 , some analyst said . the need to lock in futur suppli of ga for util and big industri custom may also bring a resurg of activ in the gulf of mexico 's offshor water where some of the nation 's largest ga reserv are locat . `` we think an upturn in u.s. drill is immin , '' said jame crandal , an analyst with salomon brother inc. `` mani compani appear to be switch from oil to ga drill becaus they 're bet that the ga market will be back in balanc in a year or two . '' the prospect of diminish ga suppli is welcom news for drill and oilfield servic compani that bare surviv last year 's plung in oil price from about 30 dlr a barrel to less than half that . today 's rel stabl oil price of about 18 dlr a barrel are not enough to spur a return to the headi day of 1981 when the u.s. drill rig count soar to a record high of more than 4,500 and oilfield roustabout command premium wage . the latest weekli hugh tool co & lt ; ht > rig count , a baromet of the oil industri 's health , show 761 u.s. rig activ in what is tradit the slowest time of the year . in 1986 , the hugh rig count began the year at 1,915 but dive to a post-world war ii low of 663 in juli as world oil price experienc the sharpest declin in recent time . ike kerridg , a hugh economist , said `` in 1986 , the unit state replac onli about 40 pct of the ga it use and that replac rate wo n't be ani better thi year . '' he ad , `` we do n't have the option we do with oil . import of ga from canada are limit by pipelin capac and import liquefi natur ga on ship will not be feasibl in the next 10 year becaus of the cost . '' onli about 6 trillion cubic feet of addit ga reserv were discov last year while u.s. consumpt approach 16 trillion cubic feet , accord to industri estim . georg gaspar , an oil analyst with robert w. baird and co agre that the need for ga suppli would set the stage for a new cycl of gradual increas in u.s. drill . `` we anticip that natur ga pipelin will need to dedic to their system new ga reserv for 1989 and 1990 suppli . that mean new drill program must begin no later than mid-1988 , '' gaspar said . gasper said he see a new drill cycl emerg that could last until 1992 and that he expect the averag rig count to peak near 2,000 in decemb of 1989. much of the search for new ga reserv is like to be conduct in the offshor water of the gulf of mexico , where feder leas on unexplor area will revert back to the govern unless drill begin in the next two or three year . some of the industri 's biggest compani , such as exxon corp & lt ; xon > , mobil corp mob , and union texa petroleum have alreadi indic plan to increas spend for drill later thi year in the gulf of mexico , crandal said . for exampl , conoco inc , a dupont & lt ; dd > subsidiari , will spend 400 mln dlr to build the gulf of mexico 's deepest product platform , which will produc 50 mln cubic feet of ga per day . but t. boon picken , who ha acquir huge texa and kansa ga reserv for hi mesa limit partnership & lt ; mlp > in recent month , is not convinc that the drill industri is on the verg of a recoveri . picken predict the u.s. rig count will soon drop below 600 and will not increas significantli until oil price do . `` the rig wo n't go back to work until the price of oil get abov 30 dlr a barrel , '' said picken , 58 , ad he did not expect to see the rig count top 2,000 again in hi lifetim . tenneco inc & lt ; tgt > , one of the largest u.s. ga produc , is skeptic that a need for addit ga drill exist . tenneco vice presid joe foster said he did not expect signific increas in drill for ga until the earli 1990 when the u.s. ga reserv life will have declin to about seven year ' suppli . current spot market price of about 1.50 dlr per thousand cubic feet will need to rise to about three dlr to spur reserv replac , he said .