sugar price too low to boost latin output latin american sugar produc are await further rise in world market price befor move to boost product , offici and trade sourc said . although price have risen to around eight from five u.s. cent per lb in the past six month , they are still below the region 's nine to ten cent per lb averag product cost . the recent rise in price ha place produc on the alert , manuel rico , a consult with the group of latin american and caribbean sugar export countri ( geplacea ) , told reuter . howev , rico said , it would requir anoth five to seven cent to stimul notabl increa in output . `` produc are take measur for increa their product when the price are profit , `` he said . offici in mexico , guatemala and ecuador said a continu rise in price would stimul product , but industri leader in panama and costa rica said there wa still a long way to go . `` the price are ridicul , `` said julian mateo , vice presid of costa rica 's sugar cane industrial-agricultur leagu . `` at current price nobodi is go to consid increa product . `` other produc are wari of commit fund to increa output , given the instabl of world market . an offici at colombia 's nation associ of sugar cane grower said they had no plan to rai export target . `` the market is veri unstabl . what is happen is not yet give way to a pattern and so there is no reason to modifi anyth . `` in 1985 , the latest year for which full figur are avail , central and south american nation produc 28 mln tonn , raw valu , of sugar of which 12.3 mln were export . a year earlier , they had produc and export about 800,000 more , accord to the london-ba intern sugar organ . year of continu low price have plung the sugar industri in mani countri in the region into a recess from which it will be hard to recov . miguel guerrero , director of the dominican republ ' nation sugar institut , said it would be difficult to boost product even if price recov sharpli . output had slump to under 450,000 tonn a year from 900,000 in the late 1970 . obsolet refineri , poor transport and badli maintain plantat were barrier to ani short term recoveri in output , he ad . plan of nearbi cuba , the world 's largest cane sugar export , to increa output to 10 mln tonn a year by the end of the decad seem ambiti , trade sourc said . output is run well below the record 8.6 mln produc in 1970. cuba suffer from run down plantat , harvest problem and poor process facil more than from low world price , sinc much of it output is sold to eastern bloc countri under special deal . last year , bad weather ad to it troubl , and output fell to 7.2 mln tonn from 8.2 mln in 1985. the low world price of recent year have led mani countri in the region to cut export product to level where they bare cover u.s. and , in the case of some caribbean countri , european commun ( ec ) import quota , for which they receiv price well abov free market level . progress reduct in the u.s. quota have led to product stagnat or fall rather than be shift to the free world market . peru , for exampl , ship 96,000 tonn to the u.s. in both 1983 and 1984. thi fell to 76,000 in 1986 and thi year it quota is onli 37,000. a nation cooper offici said that , as long as world market level continu at around half of peru 's product cost , the futur of the industri is uncertain . at a meet of geplacea in brazil last octob offici stress the need to find altern use for sugar cane which , accord to the group 's executive-secretari eduardo latorr , `` grow like a weed `` throughout the region . brazil , the largest cane produc with output of around 240 mln tonn , use over half to produc alcohol fuel . cane in excess of intern demand for alcohol and sugar is refin into sugar for sale abroad to earn much need foreign currenc . the differ in the price the state-run sugar and alcohol institut ( iaa ) pay local industri and what it receiv from foreign buyer cost the govern some 350 mln dlr a year . soar domest demand for both alcohol and sugar over the past year , coupl with a drought-reduc cane crop , ha meant brazil will have difficulti in meet export commit in 1987 , trade sourc said . negoti to delay shipment to next year have been indeci so far , the main stick point be how brazil should compen buyer for non-deliveri of sugar it had sold at around five cent per lb and which would cost eight cent to replac . brazilian sugar industri sourc said new sugar export sale were expect to be extrem low for the next year , with the institut wari of expo itself to domest shortag of either alcohol or sugar and becau of the need to rebuild deplet reserv stockpil . howev , the situat could chang dramat if the economi goe into recess and intern demand slump . sourc within latin america and the caribbean hold littl hope for the region 's sugar industri to return to profit unless the u.s. and ec chang their polici . `` the agricultur polici of the european commun and of the unit state have cau our economi incalcul harm by close their market , by price deterior in intern commerc and furthermor by the unfair competit in third countri , `` brazil 's trade and industri minist jose hugo castelo branco told the octob geplacea meet . the ec ha come under prolong attack from geplacea for what the group charg is it continu dump of excess output on world market . geplacea offici say thi is the main cau of low price . geplacea see a new intern sugar agreement which would regul price as one of the few chanc of pull the region 's industri out of steadi declin . such an agreement would have to have both u.s. and ec back and industriali countri would have to see it as a polit rather than a mere econom pact . `` they have to reali that the more our economi suffer , the less capciti we have to buy their good and repay the region 's 360 billion dollar foreign debt , `` geplacea 's latorr said .