talk point/gencorp inc & lt ; gy > the surpri 2.2 billion-dlr tender offer for ohio-ba conglom gencorp inc will not be enough to buy the compani , analyst said . analyst estim the 100 dlr-per-shar offer from gener partner is 10 to 20 dlr per share below the breakup valu of gencorp . howev , market sourc and analyst said uncertainti surround ani transact becau of the legal challeng to gencorp broadcast licen . gencorp 's stock rose 15-3/4 to 106-1/4 in heavi trade . `` the expect is either there will be someon el or the bidder will sweeten the offer hope to get manag ' cooper , `` said larri baker , an analyst with e.f. hutton group . analyst said there is concern about challeng to gencorp 's broadcast licen for two televi and 12 radio station . some of the disput , date back about 20 year , were brought by group that alleg improp foreign payment and polit contribut . `` i think it kind of muddi an alreadi muddi situat , `` said baker of the offer . some arbitrag said they were concern the ongo issu might be a stumbl block or result in a long period of time for ani transact . a sourc close to gener partner , howev , said gener partner would appli to the feder commun commiss for special temporari author to hold the broadcast station . the sourc said if approv , the author would allow a transact to be carri out . if it receiv the `` short-form `` approv , gener partner would set up a trust which would hold the broadcast properti until the licen situat is resolv . gener partner is equal own by investor wagner and brown and glass-mak afg industri inc. some market sourc specul an outsid buyer , such as gener partner , might even be be a catalyst to resolut of the challeng sinc it would carri out gencorp 's plan to sell the station . gencorp earlier thi month reach an agreement with walt disney co to sell it lo angel televi station , whj-tv . disney would pay 217 mln dlr to gencorp and 103 mln dlr to a group that challeng the station 's licen . gencorp also ha a pend agreement to sell wor-tv in secaucu , n.j. to mca inc for 387 mln dlr . gener partner said it intend to keep the compani ' plastic and industri product busi and it tire and relat product segment . charl rose , an analyst with oppenheim and co , said that , on a breakup valuat , the compani might be worth as much as 125 dlr per share . rose estim the aerospac busi could bring 30 to 40 dlr per share or one billion dlr , as would diversitech , the plastic unit . broadcast , includ asset pend sale , might be 30 to 40 dlr per share , he said . the compani , formerli known as gener tire and rubber co , also ha a tire busi rose estim would be worth five to 10 dlr per share . he estim the bottl busi might also be worth sever dollar per share , he said . analyst said gencorp chairman a. william reynold , who becam chairman last year , ha been empha the compani ' aerojet gener and diversitech gener busi . gencorp , found in 1915 , becam an unfocu conglom over the year and analyst believ reynold ha help it to improv . `` the manag 's do a veri fine job in tri to deal with the non-strateg asset of the compani , `` rose said . analyst expect gencorp to resist the tender offer , but they declin to predict what step the compani might take . they said it would be possibl the compani might consid a leverag buyout or restructur to fend off the offer . gener partner hold 9.8 pct of gencorp stock , and there wa some concern about `` greenmail . `` greenmail is the payment at a premium for an unwant sharehold ' stock . `` i would doubt they would greenmail them , but noth surpri me anymor , `` said rose . gencorp ha not comment on the offer . it ha retain first boston corp and kidder , peabodi and co as advi .