cont ' l illinoi see month of brazil debt talk contin illinoi corp 's & lt ; cil > chairman john swearingen said he see negoti to reschedul brazil 's debt payment take at least three to six month . brazil declar last month a moratorium on payment of interest on it medium- and long-term debt . the moratorium is expect to persist the entir time that debt schedul talk are under way . `` i believ it will take three to six month , mayb longer , for an arrang to be work out to reschedul brazil ' debt , `` swearingen told report at a press brief . `` i think brazil will pay it debt in the long run . just how long the run is is anybodi 's guess , `` swearingen said . earlier the bank hold compani said brazil 's moritorium may forc it to increa non-perform loan by 380 mln dlr and reduc pretax and net incom by 10 mln dlr in the first quarter and 35 mln dlr for the full year . the bank will decid march 31 whether to charact these loan as non-perform , william ogden , chairman of the contin illinoi nation bank and trust co of chicago , contin 's largest subsidiari , said in respon to an inquiri . ogden said the moratorium will affect both pretax and net incom equal becau the bank firm ha tax credit to use . swearingen predict an increa in oper profit for 1987 becau he see higher incom and reduc expen . contin will reduc expen through job cut and reduc offic rental cost . in 1986 it cut about 850 posit . in 1986 it had net profit of 165.2 mln dlr or 60 ct a share , up from 150.5 mln dlr or 53 ct a share . the bank transfer 459 mln dlr of poor-qual loan and other asset to the feder deposit insur corp , fdic , dure 1986. it can transfer bad loan under the term of the 1984 restructur agreement with the govern . the bank will transfer the remain 460 mln dlr that it is entitl to transfer to fdic by septemb 26 , 1987 , swearingen said . it will choo loan base on ultim loss rather than their immedi effect on non-perform loan . in 1986 the bank 's loan to the midwest 's middl market rose 20 pct at a time of over weak loan demand in the u.s. concern bank acquisit , swearingen said the bank would like to buy addit suburban chicago bank . in 1986 it bought three small suburban bank . swearingen said he is concern that contin will be taken over becau no bank in the midwest region is larg enough to buy it , and new york money center bank are prohibit by law from buy illinoi bank . he said , howev , that the fdic still ha control over who will eventu own the firm becau it still hold the equiv of 148 mln common share out of a total 215 mln . the fdic sold 52 mln share to the public last year and ha said it intend to sell the rest as quickli as possibl . the agenc receiv the share as part of it 4.5 billion dlr 1984 bailout of the bank . swearingen , who came out of retir in 1984 to head the struggl bank firm after a career as an oil industri execut , said he will retir when the three-year period he agr to be contin chairman end in august . he would not comment on a successor . the bank will expand it first option of chicago option clearn unit into tokyo , swearingen said , but said it doubt lend to japan will occur becau that countri doe n't need extern sourc of cash .