ec warn congress on new trade bill the european commun ( ec ) ha warn the u.s. hou of repr that tough trade legisl it is consid could prompt retali by u.s. trade partner . the warn wa sent in a letter from sir roy denman , head of the ec deleg in washington , to dan rostenkowski , chairman of the hou way and mean committ . a copi of the letter wa made avail to reuter . denman told rostenkowski , an illinoi democrat , he back aspect of the bill , such as one back new talk under the gatt and one exclud protect for the textil industri . but denman disagr with other provi which would requir presid reagan to take retaliatori trade action against nation with larg trade surplu with the u.s. and would set new standard for judg unfair foreign trade practic . denman told rostenkowski that gatt regul prohibit member nation from take unilat retaliatori action in trade disput unless the action is gatt-approv . he said `` if the congress make retaliatori action mandatori , then the unit state would be in violat of it intern legal oblig and on a colli cour with it major trade partner . `` denman ad that a presid should have flexibl in enforc trade law , say `` in the last resort , ani administr must take it deci in light of the over nation interest . `` otherwi , he said , `` the risk would be counter-react by trade partner of the unit state , i.e . , retali or enact of mirror imag legisl to be employ against import from the unit state . `` denman also said congress could prompt retali if it reduc the threshhold of unfair trade by make it easier for firm to file unfair trade practic claim . retali could also be prompt by relax standard for find that import were injur u.s. firm . `` chang in these standard must be agr upon multilat . they can not be impo by the unit state alon on the world trade system , `` he said . hou leader have reject a plan by textile-st legisl to add to the trade bill a provi to curb import of cloth and cloth , similar to a measur pass two year ago but veto by presid reagan . there wa concern by the leader that reagan would veto the entir trade bill becau of the textil amend .