hou farm leader see billion dlr budget cut the 1988 agricultur budget will have to be cut by an addit one to two billion dlr , the chairman of a key hou agricultur subcommitt said . implement of a 0/92 program , a tighten up of the use of commod certif , and reconstitut of farm are possibl that will be studi to reduc farm spend , said dan glickman , d-kan . , chairman of the hou agricultur subcommitt on wheat , soybean and feedgrain . speak at the annual meet of the nation grain and feed associ , glickman said he learn thi week from the hou budget committ that the agricultur committ will have to reduc the fiscal year 1988 farm budget by up to two billion dlr from the 30 billion dlr level alreadi approv . deci on how to cut the farm budget will have to be made veri quickli in order to make ani impact on the fy 1988 budget , glickman ad . glickman also said hi committ will not approv usda 's propo to cut target price by ten pct per year . `` the administr 's target price propo are dead in the water , `` he said . to cut the budget , glickman said , `` everth is on the tabl , `` except those move that would reduc farmer ' incom . glickman offer a list of possibl that hi committ will studi in order to cut farm spend . implement of a 0/92 program for 1987 winter wheat and 1988 feedgrain crop ha been introduc by glickman , which he said would result in a 150-200 mln dlr save for one year . tighten up on the use of gener ( in-kind , or `` pik ' ) certif will also be anoth option hi committ will studi , glickman said . while not commit himself for or against such action , he said lawmak have to examin recent govern find which indic certif cost more than cash payment . glickman said rule for the reconstitut of farm and tighten up of the person definit for annual payment limit is anoth option and could save 100-200 mln dlr . he also said increa acreag set-asid requir by five pct for wheat and feedgrain at program sign-up wa a move that could save about one billion dlr , but ad that he would not be in favor of such a chang . glickman also said that the export enhanc program 's , eep , spend author of 1.5 billion dlr is quickli be use up , and congress will have to decid whether to expand thi program while make cut in other area . cut in the eep program are unlik , he said . `` i do n't see right now that the eep will be on the chop block , `` glickman said .