ne electr see higher construct outlay new england electr system & lt ; ne > expect it cash construct spend to reach 205 mln dlr thi year , up from 188 mln dlr in 1986 , the util said in materi distribut at an analyst meet . it said spend is expect to advanc to 215 mln dlr in 1988 and 220 mln dlr in 1989. the util said these total exclud spend on new england hydro-transmiss be built to import electr from quebec hydro . new england electr is the oper of thi ventur as well as own 51 pct of the project . the ventur expect to spend 65 mln dlr thi year , 105 mln dlr next year and 125 mln dlr in 1989 to build transmiss line from northern quebec into new england , the util said . new england electr said intern gener fund will cover all of it power plant construct cost thi year and 65 pct of the 108 mln dlr it retail distribut unit plan to spend in 1987. the compani said it also expect to spend 60 mln dlr on it oil and ga activ thi year , ad intern gener fund are expect to provid 85 pct of thi total . new england electr said it plan to issu 30 mln dlr worth of pollut control bond in 1987 and retir addit higher cost prefer stock . it granit state electr unit plan to issu five mln dlr of long term note earli thi year as well . the compani said it doe not plan to offer common share thi year or in the fores futur , but expect to rai about 40 mln dlr in equiti through the sale of stock under it dividend reinvest plan and employ share plan . presid samuel huntington told the analyst the construct spend project is base on the expect that demand for electr in the new england electr system will grow about two pct a year for the next 15 year . howev , the util can not ignor the potenti for sharper growth , he said , point out that demand wa up 5.2 pct in 1986 and 4.7 pct per year in the past four year . he attribut thi growth to declin electr price and a strong new england economi . huntington said new england elecetr ha `` all but reject new coal fire plant `` to suppli addit power . he said the most attract new power suppli are those with short lead time which can be built in modul . later , vice presid glenn schleed said the util is look at gas-fir , combin cycl gener unit to suppli most of it new power need , but ha not reject coal-fir fluidiz bed unit . he explain that fluidiz bed technolog is avail in modular unit , ad that huntington wa refer to the tradit coal-fir plant which burn pulver coal .