laidlaw transport & lt ; ldmfa > see better year laidlaw transport ltd said earn per share for the current fiscal year should increa by `` substanti more `` than the 30 pct averag annual growth experienc in the last four year . revenu for the year end august 31 will be about 1.2 billion dlr , includ gsx corp , the u.s. wast servic unit acquir from imasco ltd last year for 358 mln dlr , laidlaw presid michael de groot told analyst . last year , laidlaw had oper earn of 66.2 mln dlr , or 63 ct per share , on revenu of 717.8 mln dlr . de groot also said the compani expect `` excel result `` in the second quarter end februari 28 , but would not be more specif . he said hi revenu estim for fiscal 1987 doe not includ possibl further acquisit and said that the addit of gsx will produc increa benefit in fiscal 1988 through fiscal 1990. de groot said the increa earn in the previou four quarter wa due partli to intern growth of about 15 pct . the rest came from acquisit , he said . laidlaw expect to sell a small rubber recycl oper , a subsidiari of gsx , within the next few week , but thi will not make ani materi contribut to earn , de groot said . he also said he is `` not veri optimist `` about the ongo negoti to buy 50 pct of tricil ltd , a toronto-ba chemic and solid wast servic compani with canadian and u.s. oper , from & lt ; trimac ltd > of calgari . de groot said that , regardless of the outcom of the propo tricil acquisit , laidlaw will decid within the next 30 day whether to stay in the north american chemic wast busi through gsx corp. `` we feel it is a profit busi with good growth potenti and we now want to stay in it if we can get the right manag , `` de groot said . laidlaw financ the acquisit of gsx by it u.s. subsidiari , laidlaw transport inc , with the proce of a 200 mln canadian dlr prefer stock issu and borrow . de groot said the compani will gain about 138 mln dlr in cash by august 31 from the exerci of warrant . de groot also said wast servic in fiscal 1987 will repr about 49 pct of revenu , school buse will contribut 49 pct and truck about two pct . the truck subsidiari in western canada is perform well and there are no plan to sell it , he said . he would not estim the contribut of each segment to earn per share for the year . he also said that further acquisit of school bu oper in the u.s. are like within the next few month .