u.s. bank incom show first drop in 25 year problem in the farmbelt and oilpatch region contribut to the first declin in over incom for u.s. bank in a quarter centuri , the feder deposit insur corp ( fdic ) said . the nation 's 14,181 commerci bank had net incom of 17.8 billion dlr in 1986 , down slightli from 1985 's record 18.1 billion dlr . the total wa still the second highest ever report , but it wa the first time incom had not grown sinc 1961. the figur reflect a radic split in the health of bank in the two halv of the countri , the fdic said . in the east , one in 12 bank had loss last year , while one in four bank west of the mississippi river had loss . nationwid , one out of five bank report loss , the fdic said in the first of a new seri of quarterli bank profil it plan to issu . `` i do n't rememb a time when there wa such a clear distinct by geograph area , `` fdic chairman william seidman told report . he said that while the figur were not good , they show the problem did not lie with the bank system as a whole but with region differ in econom perform . some 44 bank have fail so far thi year , twice as mani as fail by thi time a year ago , but seidman said he doubt the pace would continu . on a posit note , bank increa capit to a record 208 billion dlr last year , and there ha been a slow in the number of new problem bank in all region except the southwest , seidman said . bank ' provi for loss from bad loan in the fourth quarter increa to 21.7 billion dlr , a 23 pct rise from a year ago . larg bank -- those with asset of one billion dlr or more -- report fourth-quart loss total 22 , the fdic said . seidman said it wa too earli to say what effect brazil ' moratorium on debt interest payment would have on u.s. bank . he said bank deregul had given manag more freedom to run their bank and that an increa in failur wa to be expect . but thi freedom from regulatori restraint also ha meant other bank that were better manag have gotten stronger , seidman said .