divi seen on how to help u.s. oil industri the u.s. congress and the oil industri are deepli divid on way the govern should assist the industri , hurt by the sharp fall in oil price , and the subsequ growth in oil import , industri analyst said . `` the industri is deepli divid between those who support an oil tariff and those who believ tax incent are better , `` said daniel yergin , director of cambridg energi research associ , which recent complet a survey of the u.s. congress on energi issu . yergin said he saw mount support within congress for tax incent rather than an oil tariff or import fee . today u.s. energi secretari john herington said he will propo tax incent to increa edomest oil and natur ga explor and product to the reagan administr for consid . white hou spokesman marlin fitzwat said the propo would be review . herrington said , `` i would like to shoot for one mln barrel a day ( addit ) to u. . product . `` u.s. oil output wa off to 8.4 mln bpd in the week of march 13 , down six pct from last year , the american petroleum institut said . oil industri analyst have forecast oil price to averag about 18 dlr a barrel for the year and mani believ that a move abov that level will be unlikey for the near term . paul mlotok , oil analyst for salomon brother inc said that `` even with the rise in price for the last week or two we ' v onli alter our averag price scenerio to about 17.50 dlr for the year . `` analyst said that at that price renew drill and explor to rever the declin in u.s. crude oil output will not take place as the compani are wait for stabl price over 20 dlr to renew explor . john lichtblau , presid of the petroleum industri research foundat inc in new york in recent testimoni to congress said `` the continu declin in u.s. oil product is virtual inevit under ani realist price scenario . but the futur rate of declin is veri much a function of world oil price and u.s. govern polici . `` lichtbalu said that tax break could be use to rai oil product but would onli work over time . `` lower the produc industri 's tax burden would probabl be a slower stimul ( to output ) than a price increa but would not rai energi cost . `` lichtblau said . but the small independ oil compani who do much of the drill in the u.s. are look for the more immedi relief which could be brought on by an oil import fee . ronald tappmey , presid of the intern associ of drill contractor , said , `` the member of our trade asssoci are convinc that onli a variabl oil import fee that set a minimum price trigger can protect our nation . `` the associ repr some 1,300 drill and oil servic compani . the cera survey of congress show that the oil import fee will face a stiff uphil battl . yergin said that the poll which wa conduct in januari by a former congressman , orval hansen , show support for the oil import fee from 22 pct of the congressmen survey larg as a mean of protect the domest petroleum industri . at the same time 48 pct of the congressmen survey oppo the fee with the respond say the tariff would hurt consum and some region interest . but 80 pct of the sampl said support for a fee could grow if product continu to fall and import to rise . yergin said that import abov 50 pct of u.s. requir `` is a critic , symbol level . if they ( import ) move abov that level , a fee may not be legisl but there will certainli be pressur for some form of action . `` but lichtblau , in a telephon interview , said , `` a 50 pct rate of import depend is not like to happen befor 1990. in 1986 u.s. oil import rose to 33 pct of u.s. energi requir and shopuld be about 34 pct in 1987 , he ad .