fleet & lt ; flt > aim to speed merger with norstar fleet financi group hope it propos merger with norstar bancorp & lt ; nor > , rank as the largest u.s. bank merger , can be complet by the begin of 1988 , accord to an execut of fleet . robert louge , director of corpor commun for rhode island-bas fleet , told reuter the compani is explor the possibl of seek a chang in the nation trigger date for the state 's reciproc bank law to jan 1 , 1988 from juli one . the decis is up to the rhode island legislatur . the merger plan wa announc in a midday news releas that said the deal , worth about 1.3 billion dlr , would be consumm juli one when rhode island barrier to interst bank outsid of new england come down . `` if we can consumm the deal earlier that would be better for all concern , '' louge said . he said to the best of hi knowledg a chang in the rhode island law would not be a hardship for ani other bank institut in the state . he said fleet is optimst connecticut law , which onli permit interst bank merger within new england , can be amend . fleet own first connecticut bancorp . if the connecticut law is not amend in time , louge said , an option would be to spin off that unit with repurchas provis . the new england reciproc bank law have exclud new york as a mean of protect region bank from be gobbl up by the money center giant . wall street analyst said the merger accord between fleet and albani , n.y.-bas norstar demonstr the rapid pace of interst bank merger sinc state legislatur begain permit region merger on a reciproc basi . the u.s. suprem court decid in mid-1985 to permit the merger . fleet and norstar in a joint statement bill the propos merger as `` a partnership of two compani . '' both will continu to oper exist headquart after the merger . norstar holder will receiv 1.2 fleet share for each one of their follow fleet 's previous announc two-for-on split . fleet share close today at 59-1/2 , up 1/8 , give the deal an indic valu of 1.3 billion dlr . that top the propos merger of lo angeles-bas secur pacif corp & lt ; spc > and seattl 's rainier bancorpart & lt ; rban > . the west coast deal , announc about four week ago , is worth an estim 1.2 billion dlr . chemic new york corp 's & lt ; chl > acquisit of texa commerc bancshar last year wa valu at about 1.2 billion dlr , make it similar in size to the secur pacific-rain deal . the california combin of well fargo and co & lt ; wfc > and crocker nation corp last year wa worth 1.1 billion dlr and there have been sever bank merger in the southeast valu in the 700-800 mln dlr rang . `` it 's a merger of equal , '' said analyst john rooney of moseley secur corp. he said norstar had a book valu at the end of 1986 of 19.63 dlr per share , while fleet 's book valu wa 28.02 dlr . rooney note that norstar chairman peter kiernan is in hi 60 's while fleet 's terrenc murray is in hi late 40 's . he said kiernan would probabl head the combin compani until hi retir then murray could assum the top post . analyst thaddeu paluszek of merril lynch and co said fleet 's earn would have been dilut about two pct in 1986 on the basi of the merger term announc today . he note that fleet ha a `` teriff reput '' after have diversifi in a number of financi area . fleet ha establish consum bank in the southeast and is known as an innov in securit of mortgag . the merg bank would have asset in excess of 25 billion dlr and be one of the 25 largest bank in the u.s. norstar oper in most of new york state but not in new york citi . louge said at some point in the futur bank oper that both norstar and fleet oper in the state of main would be combin . the agreement between norstar and fleet includ a `` lock-up '' option design to deter other acquir . each grant the other an option to purchas author but unissu share amount to 24.99 pct of the fulli dilut share outstand .