oecd farm subsidi studi result detail the result of a controversi studi of farm subsidi conduct by the paris-ba organi for econom cooper and develop , oecd , show japan ha the highest agricultur subsidi in the world , and that dairi farmer benefit more than ani other commod produc from subsidi . result of the studi , which ha not been relea by oecd becau of object from some countri , were provid to reuter by offici of sever countri on condit they not be identifi . the oecd studi calcul the level of farm subsidi for the year 1979-81 use a new measur call the produc subsidi equiv , pse . the studi show that on dairi product japan 's pse , or the amount of aid to farmer express as a percentag , averag 83.3 pct over 1979-81 , with the european commun at 68.8 pct and the unit state 48.2 pct . for wheat japan 's pse averag 95.8 pct , the ec 28.1 and the u.s. 17.2. japan 's rice pse wa 68.8 pct compar to the ec 13.6 and the u.s. 5.4 pct , the oecd calcul show . in coar grain , japan 's subsidi reach 107.1 pct compar with 27.9 pct for the ec and 13.1 pct for the u.s. japan 's beef subsidi wa 54.9 pct versu 52.7 pct for the ec and 9.5 pct for the u.s. , oecd conclud . for sugar , japan 's pse wa 48.4 pct versu 27.9 pct in the ec and 13.1 pct for the u.s. , the studi show . the oecd calcul farm subsidi for other industri countri such as canada , australia and new zealand but in most case the result were much lower than for the u.s. , ec and japan , the sourc said . subsidi in argentina and brazil , two major develop countri produc of commod , were not includ in the oecd work . offici said they hope to persuad reluct countri to relea the studi soon , perhap coincid with the oecd ministeri meet in pari dure may . some offici hope the oecd result will be use as a basi for negoti dure the uruguay round of global trade talk now underway in geneva . british agricultur minist michael jopl dure a visit to washington thi week endor the oecd work as a start point for the uruguay round negoti on agricultur . he said the pse calcul provid a tool to negoti down domest farm support level , which are a major cau of the present crisi in world agricultur . howev , the oecd studi result are controversi becau they highlight the level of assist to farmer , offici familiar with the studi said . the u.s. agricultur depart 's econom research servic recent publish a studi of farm subsidi in an attempt to verifi the oecd result and updat them to 1982-84. in some case the result were substanti differ than the oecd 's , in part becau farm polici in both the u.s. and elsewh had chang markedli by 1982-84 from the oecd base period of 1979-81 , u.s. offici said . for exampl , the usda studi found the unit state subsidi to corn produc were higher in 1982-84 , at 25 to 49 pct , than in the ec , at zero to nine pct . french maiz produc associ presid marcel cazal , cite the result of the usda calcul for corn , told report last week that the unit state subsid it farmer more than the ec . howev , the sourc said ec corn subsidi are probabl higher than the u.s. now becau of increa sinc 1984. offici of sever countri have been ask to contribut data to oecd so that the studi can be updat to 1985 subsidi level , a much more relev measur of the current world farm situat . the updat calcul , which may take sever month to complet , are expect to show substanti increa in u.s. subsidi level for sugar becau the u.s. impo restrict import quota in 1982 as aid to the domest industri . u.s. subsidi level also are increa by the 1985 farm bill , which sharpli boost govern defici payment to grain farmer and appli a market loan for rice , offici ad .