cocoa deleg optimist on buffer stock rule hope mount for an agreement on cocoa buffer stock rule at an intern cocoa organ , icco , council meet which open here today , deleg said . both produc and consum icco member said after the open session that prospect for an agreement on the cocoa market support mechan were improv . `` the chanc are veri good as of now of get buffer stock rule by the end of next week , `` ghanaian deleg and produc spokesman mama moham told journalist . consum spokesman peter baron call the tone of the negoti `` optimist and realist . `` the icco council fail to agr on buffer stock rule when a new intern cocoa agreement came into forc in januari , with deep differ of opinion preclud seriou discuss on the matter at that time . the exist buffer stock of about 100,000 tonn of cocoa wa frozen , with a fund balanc of 250 mln dlr . the icco made buffer stock rule negoti a prioriti at thi semi-annu council meet in order to stop the slide in world cocoa price . consum and produc agr yesterday on the principl as a basi for negoti . the council broke for lunch , and reconven at 1500 hr . a work group which ha been meet sinc monday will tackl the buffer stock rule issu again at 1600 hr , when icco execut director kobena erbynn present a fleshed-out version of a draft propo he prepar earlier thi week , deleg said . moham said deleg will have a much clearer indic of prospect for an accord after detail of the rule are elabor by erbynn , and after produc and consum meet separ later today to examin the scheme . the draft propo includ three principl : a limit to non- member cocoa compri the buffer stock , an offer system for buy buffer stock cocoa , and price differenti to be paid for variou cocoa make up the buffer stock , deleg said . dure the morn council session , the ivori coast deleg gave `` an open mind statement `` that it is will to work out a buffer stock rule solut which could come into effect as soon as possibl , baron said . ivorian agricultur minist deni bra kanon , chairman of the icco council , wa now expect to arriv in london monday to attend the talk , baron said . vice chairman sir deni henri of grenada chair the meet in hi place . soviet and east german deleg did not attend the council session becau of a conflict intern sugar organ meet today , but could arriv thi afternoon , deleg said .