new market emerg in warrant for gold a new market ha emerg in warrant to buy gold , a vehicl which banker say bring some of the play of commod option into the field of secur . over the past three week , swiss offic of american bank have launch a total of four issu of warrant with vari condit , draw on renew inflationari worri and the recoveri of the gold price last year . and credit suiss and credit suisse-first boston each issu swiss franc bond with warrant for gold which have a similar charact , though they are aim at a less profession market . the market is still small . taken togeth , the four american-l warrant issu rais onli about 50 mln swiss franc . but bank believ the vehicl meet a need of investor and predict a live futur . andrew barrett of citicorp invest bank ( switzerland ) ag said : `` the warrant give smaller investor a chanc to have a long-term invest in gold with limit risk . '' citicorp in zurich launch the first of these warrant on februari 27 , follow it up with a second issu less than a week later . the issuer in both case wa citibank na . the idea found some quick copi . goldman sach in zurich organ and co-l an issu for the swiss branch of banqu indosuez on march 9 and last night morgan guaranti ( switzerland ) ag did anoth for morgan guaranti trust co of new york . the four issu now offer investor strike price for gold rang from the indosuez issu at 410 dlr an ounc , the same price as the underli commod , to a 430 dlr level on the first one for citibank . the premium rang from 22 pct to 36 pct and matur from 18 month to four year and three month , in all case longer than gold futur and option on u.s. market . the banker trace the inspir for the market back to the februari report of u.s. consum price for januari , when a jump of 0.7 pct rais again the threat of inflat . `` mani peopl are worri about inflat again , '' said mat joensson of goldman sach . `` money suppli in germani and the unit state ha grown veri strongli in the last year and peopl want to take a ride on gold . '' the gold market , have seen strong gain in 1986 , ha languish just abov 400 dlr an ounc over the past few week . but the bank saw in warrant the vehicl for a more highli leverag play where the downsid risk wa limit . barrett said it wa natur that the market develop in switzerland . `` peopl here understand gold , and they understand warrant , '' he said . citicorp ( switzerland ) pioneer warrant with a seri of equity-link cover issu base on japanes compani share over the past two year , and last autumn , swiss bank launch cover warrant in swiss regist share in a bid to give foreign investor a chanc to play in a market otherwis close to all but swiss citizen , and to play it with higher leverag . but after a quick flurri of issu , that market dri up when swiss share price fell from their januari peak . the issu are be market not on the basi of simpl premium , but on implicit volatil model devis to provid scientif comparison between titl in the option market . martin bachem of morgan guaranti said hi bank 's issu wa competit despit it rel high premium . the issu , for five ounc at 425 dlr , wa price at 955 swiss franc , make a premium over the spot gold price of nearli 36 pct . use a black shole option model , he said the issue' long , 4.3-year matur meant the warrant need an implicit volatil of gold of onli 24.5 pct for the option to pay off , which he claim wa lower than the other issu . but barrett said the black shole variant citicorp use point to a higher volatili for the morgan issu and emphas that the model were at best an inexact scienc . and each bank , use it own model , put the implicit volatil need for it own issu at close to 25 pct . whatev the calcul , the issu have receiv a warm welcom from investor . joensson of goldman sach said there wa a lot of demand , even among small investor , who were buy 15 or 20 warrant apiec . `` the most sophist one would n't buy these becaus the premium are too high , '' he said .