soviet firm say talk on for philippin mine preliminari talk are on between two state-own philippin bank and soviet metal trade and equip sale compani tsvetmetpromexport on rescu nonoc mine and industri corp ( nmic ) which oper the philippin ' onli nickel refineri , a soviet offici said . g.i . valentchit , deputi trade minist at the soviet embassi , told reuter a report earlier thi week that tsvetmetpromexport had ask the philippin govern whether it could help rehabilit or oper nmic wa incorrect . `` it is the other way round , `` valentchit said . he said the develop bank of the philippin ( dbp ) and the philippin nation bank ( pnb ) , which own nmic , had approach the soviet state-own firm in august last year . `` we studi the question and ask the bank in which field and what area they can help in the project , `` valentchit said . he said there had been no repli yet from nmic and the talk were `` onli just initi . `` nmic presid arthur aguilar and other compani offici were not avail for comment . manila bank sourc said the situat wa seriou at nmic , set up by dbp and pnb in august 1984 after the two bank foreclo on the asset of marinduqu mine and industri corp over a 17 billion peso oblig . the banker said nmic itself ha recent file with the secur and exchang commiss ( sec ) for place the compani under receivership and the suspen of it debt payment in order to protect it from threat of foreclosur . busi day newspap said the latest credit extend to nmic includ a 127 mln dlr loan , with chemic bank as the lead agent . the newspap said anoth 33 mln dlr loan wa lead manag by citicorp . it said the govern 's privati program ha list nmic at a price of at least 700 mln dlr , ad that foreign investor were wari of take over the ail nickel firm . the banker said nmic wa current burden with debt of at least 15.8 billion peso and is face 10 civil lawsuit for foreclosur from major creditor . the busi bulletin newspap said the firm had asset total 12.2 billion peso , while dbp and pnb exposur with the firm were estim at 14.9 billion peso . nmic ha not oper it plant in the southern philippin sinc march 1986 after worker struck demand payment of salari delay becau of the firm 's financ difficulti . the firm produc 1,863 tonn of nickel in the first two month of 1986 , compar with 2,364 tonn in the same period in 1985. the mine 's capac is 2,000 tonn a month .