econom spotlight - u.s. deficit with nic the u.s. trade deficit with taiwan and korea is expect to widen thi year , despit some econom and currenc adjust by the two newli industri countri , economist said . `` the surplu that taiwan and korea ran with the u.s. in 1986 will get bigger . thi time next year , the u.s. will be scream at those countri about their export , `` said steve cerier of manufactur hanov trust co. taiwan is current the third biggest export to the u.s. after japan and canada , while korea is the seventh largest . face with heighten protectionist sentiment in congress , the reagan administr ha been step up the rhetor against taiwan and korea , urg those countri to allow their currenc to appreci and lift impedi to free trade . the thrust ha shift to those newli industri countri ( nic ) amid sign the dollar 's steep drop against the currenc of japan and most ec nation -- previou the main focu of the u.s. drive to cut it trade gap -- is begin to close the compet gap for american good . u.s. treasuri secretari jame baker said recent that he expect a reduct in japan 's trade surplu thi year . but u.s. manufactur still are lose market on their own doorstep to taiwan and korea , whose currenc have not risen as much as the yen and the mark . as major beneficiari of soft oil price and with low labor cost , taiwan and korean export are well-plac to take up the slack . `` in 1986 , the fashion comment in washington wa japan-bash . now it 's nic-bash , `` said robert chandross , of lloyd bank plc . asia 's four main nic -- hong kong , south korea , singapor and taiwan -- account for almost one-fifth of the over 170 billion dlr u.s. merchandi trade deficit for 1986. the u.s. trade gap with taiwan rose to 15.7 billion dlr in 1986 from 13.1 billion in 1985 , while the bilat trade deficit with south korea grew to 7.1 billion from 4.8 billion . and preliminari u.s. data show that the growth trend is continu . the u.s. trade shortfal with taiwan wa 1.6 billion dlr in januari , up 24.4 pct from a year earlier . the gap with korea wa 700 mln dlr , up 24.8 pct from a year ago . late both nation have said they will take step to defu incipi trade tension . korea said it is choo mani of the 122 item on which the u.s. want it to cut import tariff in order to deflect pressur for currenc revalu . still , south korean trade minist rha woong bae said last week that korea would maintain a trade surplu for three to five year as a way to cut it 44.5 billion dlr foreign debt . for it part , taiwan said in januari that it will cut tariff on 1,700 good sometim in the second half of 1987 and tri to diversifi export . but vice econom minist wang chien-shien said last month that he still doe not expect taiwan 's trade surplu with the u.s. will fall in 1987. the nic have made deep inroad into market for textil and electron good . but korea is rai it profil in the area of `` big-ticket `` manufactur good , notabl car . korea expect it auto export -- mostli for north america -- to balloon to 675,000 unit in 1987 from zero in 1985 . `` the nic ' export are almost all manufactur good . when their export rise it hit the heart of the u.s. manufactur base . it cut directli to us and to our custom , `` said bob wendt , manag for econom studi at bethlehem steel corp. the u.s. take 90 pct of korea 's comput product export , 72 pct of it electr applianc and 65 pct of it telecommun equip . a recent studi by morgan guaranti trust co say taiwan and south korea are the most press trade issu for the u.s. while hong kong and singapor run trade surplu with the u.s. , these are offset by their deficit with other countri . but taiwan and , to a lesser extent , south korea , stand in mark contrast . both of these nation have move rapidli into larg bilat surplu with the u.s. and major overr trade and current account surplu , the morgan studi say . morgan expect taiwan 's over trade surplu to grow to 18.5 billion dlr in 1987 from 15.2 billion last year , and korea 's to increa to 6.5 billion dlr from 3.5 billion . concern about the nic is not confin to the u.s. `` a lot of korea and taiwan 's export to the u.s. have been at japan 's expen , `` said richard koss at gener motor corp. februari 's pari meet of six major industri power exort nic to lower trade barrier and revalu currenc . but thi two-prong approach ha drawn littl respon from the two nation so far and , in ani case , will onli work with a sizeabl lag , economist say . the u.s. ha not said how much it think the taiwan 's and korea 's currenc should climb . the taiwan dollar , which is peg to the u.s. dollar , ha risen about 15 pct sinc septemb 1985 while the korean won ha risen about five pct . but in real term the taiwan dollar ha been flat against the u.s. unit and the won ha lost seven pct , economist say . `` we 've not seen ani lessen of competit from those countri that we can attribut to currenc chang , `` said bethlehem steel 's wendt . and so far , u.s. plea for taiwan and korea to use their hefti export earn to import more have had littl effect . moreov , it is uncertain how far u.s. protect will get given the administr 's free-trad stanc . `` it 's hard to see that anyth will be pass much befor year-end . and then the question is , will it have teeth ? `` one economist said .