talk point/viacom intern & lt ; via > a bid war for viacom intern inc , one of the largest u.s. entertain compani , pit a manag group and other investor against nation amu inc , a close held theater oper . both side rai their bid over the weekend . a sourc close to the manag side insist that time wa on hi side . he said if outsid director approv the manag propo , a merger plan could be put to a vote of sharehold with proxi materi go out late thi week . `` it would take 20 day from the day we mail , `` said the sourc . the sourc predict nation amu , control by investor sumner redston , would need `` half a year `` to complet a tender offer becau of the regulatori approv that must accompani ani chang in control of viacom 's broadcast licen and cabl televi franchi . redston wa not avail for comment . some of wall street 's arbitrag player said it wa a rare situat that could onli be enjoy - a true bid war . one said redston could begin a tender offer whenev he want and if enough peopl were convinc hi propo wa superior to the viacom manag plan , he would have a chanc to win . the independ director of viacom were call into a meet today . word on a deci wa expect earli tomorrow . viacom share climb 2-1/2 to 50-3/8 by midafternoon . one major wall street firm issu a sell recommend . `` we think we 're at the end now , in term of bid , `` said the firm ' arbitrageur , who spoke on condit he not be identifi . both redston 's propo and the manag propo would creat a restructur compani heavili leverag with debt . the manag plan would result in a balanc sheet with about 2.5 billion dlr in debt and nearli 500 mln dlr in prefer stock , convert into 45 pct of the common stock . redston 's newest propo offer holder 42 dlr in cash , a fraction of a share of exchang prefer stock with a valu of 7.50 dlr , and one-fifth of a share of common stock stock of arsen hold , repr 20 pct of the equiti interest in the restructur viacom . one arbitrageur calcul the equiti in the redston plan wa worth 2.50 dlr make the total packag worth 52 dlr per share . manag offer 38.50 dlr in cash , exchang prefer stock worth 8.50 dlr and a fraction share of convert prefer . the arbitrageur said the equiti portion wa worth about 4.00 dlr for a total of 51 dlr . redston 's newest plan rai the amount of interest he would pay on the cash portion of hi offer for everi day beyond april 30 that a merger with arsen is not consumm . the plan call for intest to be paid at an annual rate of nine pct dure may and 12 pct thereaft . previou redston offer eight pct interest . other arbitrageur said both redston and the manag group , led by presid and chief execut terrenc elk , were offer high price . `` redston realli want to own the compani , `` one said . anoth said manag seem to have the edg on the time issu . redston 's compani own 19.6 pct ov viacom 's 35 mln share . a wall street analyst said it wa hard to determin what the equiti in the newli leverag compani would be worth . he note as an exampl that new stock in fmc corp & lt ; fmc > , which adopt a highli leverag structur last year , initit trade at 12.50 dlr per share , dip to nine dlr , and is now just over 30 dlr . last week , viacom report fourth quarter earn fell two two ct per share from 23 ct . the compani said interest cost from sever acquisit affect result . share of warner commun inc & lt ; wci > rose 7/8 to 31-1/8 . analyst note warner own warrant to purcha 3.25 mln viacom share at 35 dlr and anoth 1.25 mln share at 37.50 dlr . chri craft industri & lt ; ccn > , which own a stake in warner , rose 1-1/4 to 22-3/4 . viacom wa creat in 1970 and spun off from cb inc & lt ; cb > . the compani ha 940,000 cabl televi subscrib , oper nine satellit televi servic and own televi and radio station . it is one of the largest distributor of film and other program for televi .