ec minist agr need for big steel closur european commun ( ec ) industri minist today declar there is a need for a massiv round of closur of steel plant to bring capac in the 12-countri bloc into reason balanc with demand . the minist were meet to discuss a plan for voluntari plant closur drawn up by the industri lobbi group eurof which it calcul would cost around 22,000 job . diplomat said that in their initi reaction to the scheme , most minist declar it wa a use basi for discuss , but did not go nearli far enough . eurof say it ha identifi scope for the closur of plant which have an annual capac of 15.26 mln tonn , provid the compani concern can be fulli repaid by the ec or nation govern for redund and other social cost . but ec execut commiss sourc said industri commiss karl-heinz narj told minist today that 30 mln tonn of annual capac wa excess to requir and should be close by the end of 1990. he said the eurof plan in particular fail to pinpoint the scope for closur in heavi hot-rol wide-strip product , typic produc in plant employ thousand of peopl . the sourc said no minist challeng narj ' analysi that four or five hot-rol wide-strip line would have to close . they said minist agr that the eurof plan should be expand and develop through meet among the industri bodi , the commiss and repr of member state . howev , diplomat said it wa clear from today ' discuss that such meet will be difficult . they said member state are split on whether to reduc the scope of a quota product system , which at present protect ec steelmak from the full forc of competit for 65 pct of their product , while talk on the closur plan proceed . it wa also clear that there will be tough talk on which ec member state should bear the brunt of the closur and on how much fund for help to those thrown out of work should come from commun coffer . german minist martin bangemann said hi countri 's steel industri , the largest in the ec , should not suffer proport more than other , german sourc said . but british diplomat said their minist , gile shaw , insist that the profit of compani should be taken into account . the state own british steel corpor , benefit from massiv recent write-off of it accumul debt , is current one of the few ec steel compani in the black . minist were thi afternoon tri to agr a joint statement on the eurof plan and the situat in the industri .