solar system & lt ; ssdn > , inkey of spain set pact solar system by sundanc inc said it agr to buy a 45 pct interest in a compani that will sell condom produc by inkey sa of spain . it said a spermicid use in inkey 's condom contain an ingredi that may help prevent the sexual transmiss of aid . the ingredi wa cite in an articl in the west german public , aid forschung . but it said the articl wa about the ingredi and did not mention the spermicid or the condom made by inkey . the compani also said it is chang it name to eurocapit corp shortli . solar system said it wa buy the 45 pct stake in a u.s.-ba & lt ; europharmaceut co > . inkey and an affili own the remain share of the compani , which wa set up to distribut condom and vagin product that are made , or are be develop by inkey . the agreement call for a two mln dlr payment to inkey for the distributorship . the first 500,000 dlr payment is due 30 day after the product are approv by the food and drug administr . it said europharmaceut plan to soon file with the fda to market the condom , but expect the approv process to be a lengthi one . the compani said the activ ingredi in the spermicid is current use in the u.s. in antisept applic unrel to condom . as far as it know , the ingredi ha not been test in a spermicid . inkey 's condom will be sold in the u.s. under the brand name , `` carlton . `` the exclu distribut contract for the product run for three year and is renew for one-year period , the compani said . it said the condom are current sold in spain but have not gone on sale in other european countri . it said europharmaceut current doe not have the resourc to make the payment under the distribut agreement or fund the studi necessari to obtain market approv from the fda . the compani also said europharmaceut is in talk to acquir either one or more publicli held compani with littl or no asset . in the event an acquisit goe through , solar system ' interest in europharmaceut would be dilut below it current 45 pct .