kentucki smelter get relief on higher rate owner of two aluminum smelter in kentucki receiv temporari relief from higher electr rate after a decis tuesday by state regul deni a rate hike to ( big river electr corp ) of henderson , ky. but the owner of the smelter , ( nation southwir aluminum co ) and alcan aluminium ltd & lt ; al > , said further viabil of the oper would depend in part upon how the rate case is eventu settl . `` we 're hope for no rate increas but we ca n't say for sure . it 's still possibl we 'll have to close the smelter , '' a nation southwir spokesman said . he said there were other variabl to consid in ani decis whether to close or continu the smelter , locat in hawesvil , about 60 mile west of louisvil . nation southwir is own by nation intergroup inc & lt ; nii > , which hold about 55 pct , and ( southwir co ) , which hold the rest , the spokesman said . a spokesman for montreal-bas alcan said , `` the decis is 48 page long and is in legal-es , so it certainli will be a long time befor we can make a decis '' about what it mean for the sebre smelter in henderson , about 100 mile west of louisvil . `` but we 're delight that big river electr wa deni the request rate increas . '' a spokesman for the util , a cooper that gener and wholesal electr to four distributor , said the request increas wa 7.5 mln dlr a year over 1985 rate . the kentucki public servic commiss , in deni the increas , ask the util to meet with creditor , which includ manufactur hanov corp & lt ; mhc > and irv bank corp & lt ; v > , and the smelter , to renegoti a rate plan , the util spokesman said . the commiss suggest that big river electr work out a flexibl rate schedul with the smelter that would index their electr cost to the price of aluminum , he said . `` we have alway been amen to tri , as far as we can , to assur that the two aluminum smelter remain viabl , '' he said . no meet are schedul and none have been plan between the util , it creditor and the aluminum plant owner . the commiss ha set a hear on the rate issu for juli 28 .