ici & lt ; ici > seek gain in specialti busi imperi chemic industri plc , the largest chemic compani in the unit kingdom , will expand it specialti chemic and drug busi thi year , and better it 1986 result , said chairman-elect deni henderson . `` we expect to shift our compani toward higher value-ad busi and continu to broaden our base , `` henderson told report at an inform meet here . ici today announc the format of a new u.s. drug compani , ici pharma , which , with it stuart pharmaceut unit , it said will doubl it current pharmaceut sale to 1.1 billion dlr by 1990. henderson said , `` our pharmaceut busi get lost in the way that glaxo 's ( glaxo hold plc ) doe not . `` ici 's pharmaceut divi is the second largest drug maker behind glaxo in the u.k. last year u.s. drug sale were about 40 pct of it worldwid drug sale of 1.5 billion dlr , which in turn brought in 27 pct of it total profit . he estim that by 1990 , ici 's pharmaceut divi would account for about 30 pct of total compani profit . `` the drug divi far and away bring in the highest rate of return , `` said a.w . clement , financ director of ici , who wa also at the meet . henderson said the new u.s. drug concern would basic act as a second sale forc to doubl the exposur of it drug to doctor . ici will hire 145 new salespeopl by octob one . henderson said the major new product in the compani ' pipelin , expect to each bring in sale of over 200 mln dlr annual , were statil , a treatment for diabet complic , zoladex , a treatment for advanc prostat cancer , and carwin , a treatment for mild to moder congest heart failur . henderson said u.s. food and drug administr approv to market statil and zoladex , both under joint licen agreement with merck and co inc & lt ; mrk > , is not expect until about 1989. ici expect to file for permiss to market carwin in the u.s. later thi year . henderson said the compani 's 1987 result would top 1986 incom of 888 mln dlr or 5.45 dlr per adr on sale of 15 billion dlr , but he declin to specifi by how much . henderson said 1987 's result would be boost by glidden paint , which ici bought last novemb for 580 mln dlr from a unit of hanson industri inc. henderson also said that ici ha about nine billion dlr avail for acquisit . last year the compani made 40 acquisit , the largest be glidden . he said that more acquisit may be made thi year but he rule out an acquisit of a pharmaceut concern as `` too expen . `` henderson said that in hi new role of chairman , effect april one when he take over from sir john harvey-jon who will retir , the biggest challeng ahead lay in continu the earn momentum ici ha establish over the past few year after restructur and sell off unprofit busi .