congressmen urg u.s. soybean program chang sever lead farm-stat congressmen said they will press the u.s. agricultur depart to implement some kind of market loan to make soybean export competit while protect farm incom . speak at a hou grain subcommitt hear , chairman dan glickman , d-kan. , propo that congressmen and repr of soybean grower meet with usda on the subject in the next two week . `` let 's see if we can tri to push them ( usda ) to do someth without legisl , `` glickman told the hear . the current soybean loan rate effect is 4.56 dlr per bushel with no incom protect , or market loan . david haggard , american soybean associ , asa , presid said usda must make chang in the soybean program . the current soybean program `` gave us the worst of both world , `` asa 's haggard told the hear . the 1987 loan rate is too high rel to corn and is encourag an expan of soybean product in south america , he said . at the same time , the u.s. soybean loan rate is too low to provid ani incom support for soybean farmer , haggard said . `` we need some kind of market loan , `` he ad . the 1985 farm bill provid author for the agricultur secretari to implement a market loan for soybean but usda so far ha resist pressur to use the author . repr of asa met earlier thi month with usda , but haggard said usda offici gave no indic if they would seriou consid offer a market loan . usda undersecretari daniel amstutz yesterday said the soybean situat is a `` dilemna `` which ha been studi exten by the depart . but he did not say what , if ani chang , are under consid . in hi testimoni , haggard indic there are way other than a market loan which should be consid to help soybean grower , such as a so-cal produc option payment , or a direct payment program . haggard said bar ani program chang , commod credit corpor , ccc , soybean stock , now at 385 mln bu , will rise to 500 mln by the end of august . a further 100 mln bu of soybean could be forfeit between septemb and end-year . `` thu , ccc could own the equiv of brazil 's entir soybean crop by the end of calendar year 1987 , `` haggard said . howev , haggard said that the u.s. should be cautiou in make soybean program chang that might allow the european commun to challeng the u.s. program under the gener agreement on tariff and trade , gatt . he note that the ec import one quarter of u.s. soybean product and loss of that market would be devast . the reagan administr ha given `` mix signal `` on whether it believ a market loan for soybean could be success challeng in gatt by the ec , haggard said . while the asa posit is to support a 5.02 dlr per bu loan rate combin with a market loan , haggard also endor a propo by rep. jerri huckabi , d-la . , which would set a six dlr per bu loan rate and appli a market loan . the huckabi propo is also support by the rank republican on the hou agricultur committ , rep. edward madigan of illinoi . subcommitt chairman glickman endor the need to take some action on soybean , but caution that the market loan could mean a substanti increa in budget cost . glickman note that the agricultur committ must cut one to 1.5 billion dlr from it fiscal 1988 budget and therefor must fit ani soybean program chang into the over budget . haggard said at a soybean loan rate of six dlr per bu combin with a market loan , the u.s. soybean price might fall to four dlr per bu initi . thi would cost the govern a maximum of two billion dlr . but he said the cost would declin as market price recov .