texa commerc & lt ; tcb > see improv in 1987 texa commerc bancshar inc said that rel stabl oil price and the bank 's plan merger with chemic new york corp & lt ; chl > would help 1987 earn increas from last year 's profit of 20 mln dlr . texa commerc chairman ben love , in an interview with reuter , did not elabor on how much the bank expect earn to increas . `` we would anticip that thi year would be an improv over last becaus we are stronger , '' love said , refer to texa commerc 's pend 1.19 billion dlr merger with chemic . the merger , which may be final as earli as may 1 , will lower texa commerc 's cost of fund by an estim 10 to 15 basi point , love said . the texa commerce-chem merger is the onli acquisit by a major out-of-st bank sinc texa lawmak approv interst bank effect januari 1. hard-hit by loan loss in energi and real estat in texas' struggl economi , the onli major texa bank abl to report profit in 1986 were texa commerc and republicbank which earn 54.0 mln dlr . alli bancshar inc & lt ; albn > lost 17.6 mln dlr , mcorp & lt ; m > lost 82.1 mln dlr , interfirst lost 326.5 mln dlr and first citi bancorpor & lt ; fbt > , which is activ seek a merger or other form of new capit , lost 402.0 mln dlr . love said texa commerc had turn the corner on it energi loan portfolio problem , but ad that the bank' nonperform real estat loan may increas dure 1987 . `` i think the tidal wave in energi ha pass over us , '' he said . `` the fact that the real estat market is still move away suggest there could be some continu growth of nonperform loan . '' in 1986 , about 42 pct of texa commerc 's net loan loss relat to real estat lend and 13 pct wa due to energi loan loss . that compar to 1985 when onli 17 pct of the bank 's loss were in real estat and energi account for 43 pct . more than half of texa commerc 's nonperform loan , which total 968 mln dlr at yearend 1986 , up from 840 mln dlr the year befor , were in real estat . love said he believ the real estat loan problem for texa commerc and other major state bank would peak by the third or fourth quarter of 1987. absorpt of empti offic build in houston , which ha a current vacanc rate of about 30 pct , will be a gradual process that could take up to four year , he said . `` i think we may be begin to stabil thi economi . oil at 18 dlr a barrel bring much more confid than 10 dlr a barrel , '' he said . texa commerc will retain it name as a separ subsidiari of chemic and plan to aggress expand it hold throughout texa , offer addit product to build up it consum bank busi , love said . `` we are resum what we did best for year -- an offens posit , '' he said . in januari , texa commerc acquir a fail bank in montgomeri counti , adjac to the houston metropolitan area , and earlier thi month open a new bank in san antonio . texa commerc plan to add more bank in san antonio and in the dallas-fort worth area where it current ha onli 16 member bank , he said . one day after the texa commerc acquisit wa announc in decemb , interfirst corp & lt ; ifc > and republicbank corp & lt ; rpt > , both headquart in dalla , agre to merg in a deal valu at 570 mln dlr . the combin of former archriv republicbank and interfirst , give the two bank a virtual lock on the dalla bank market , ha not chang texa commerc 's expans plan for the state 's second-largest citi , love said . `` we think we can tri to get a littl part of their roost , '' he said . the chemic partnership will also give texa commerc an edg in develop new consum product , he said . `` we have alway been a wholesal bank but we have more than one million custom all over the state . chemic will show us how to take advantag of enhanc our consum product , '' he said , refer to expans of such exist product as credit card and invest bank .