talk point/american express & lt ; axp > american express co 's plan to sell a stake in it shearson lehman brother is believ to be a prelud to a public offer of share in the brokerag unit , analyst said . american express earlier said it ha a gener understand with nippon life insur co of japan to sell a 13 pct interest in shearson for 530 mln dlr . the statement trigger a rise in other brokerag stock , as investor specul on the possibl of more invest in the u.s. brokerag industri by japanes concern . the stock of brokerag firm also climb in respons to the rel high valu nippon put on it stake in the u.s. firm . analyst said the 530 mln dlr for 13 pct repres a price of 2.7 time book valu . perrin long of lipper analyt said the brokerag stock , depress somewhat by the dark cloud of the u.s. insid trade scandal , close out februari at a market valu of 1.8 time book valu . american express wa trade today at 78-1/4 , off 3/8 . for the last sever week , the stock ha been strong on rumor of a spinoff of part of shearson . analyst said american express and it shearson unit will benefit from the door nippon life can open to the increasingli import tokyo financi market . `` i think thi , in all honesti , is a preliminari step , '' said long . `` what you will see probabl in the futur is american express sell an addit 17 pct in the public market and have a public vehicl for shearson , '' long said . `` normal , investor do not make a major capit commit into an illiquid situat , '' he said of nippon . some analyst previous specul a 20 pct stake in shearson might be sold to the public . they said the firm , like other invest bank , need capit to expand global . american express ha said the total employe of shearson will expand by 20 pct in 1987 intern . howev , that number is substanti lower than growth last year , a compani spokesman said . american express offici would not comment beyond a statement made thi morn . that statement , howev , did not close off the possibl of a public offer or other option for shearson . david anthoni , a smith barney analyst , said it is possibl shearson would be partial sold to the public . but he believ the firm will digest the nippon invest first . `` i think they 'll figur out what they 're go to do with the money they have , '' he said . joan goodman , an analyst with persh and co , also said american express could determin to sell share to the public . in it statement , the financi servic giant said it is continu to studi variou plan for shearson in addit to the invest by nippon . american express said option under studi rang from expand shearson 's capac to meet intern competit to broaden it access to capit . american express also said the option reflect the continu integr role of shearson in american express' worldwid financi servic strategi . shearson follow goldman , sach and co in find a japanes partner . goldman last year sold a 12.5 pct stake to sumitomo bank in exchang for a 500 mln dlr capit infus . analyst specul there will be more such match . `` those ( u.s. broker ) compani have the expertis . they do n't have the money . there 's just not enough intern capit growth , '' said wertheim analyst jame hanburi , who follow other u.s. brokerag compani . hanburi said some japanes compani , flush with cash , are interest in the expertis of american broker . `` those ( japanes ) compani have the capit and our compani have the capit need and the growth opportun to use the money . that 's a nice marriag , '' he said . morgan stanley and co & lt ; ms > rose 4-1/4 to 74-7/8 . first boston corp & lt ; fbc > wa up one to 51-1/4 . e.f. hutton group & lt ; efh > rose 1-1/4 to 41-1/8 , and painewebb group & lt ; pwj > climb 7/8 to 37-3/4 . merril lynch and co , recommend today by a painewebb analyst , rose 2-5/8 to 45-3/8 .