pesch see sharehold support in ami & lt ; ami > bid chicago physician leroy pesch said he ha had discuss with sever american medic intern inc sharehold and see support for a restructur of the compani . pesch said he ha discuss hi sweeten , 1.91 billion dlr takeov bid for american medic with sever larg sharehold , includ the biggest investor , the bass famili of texa . howev , the bass famili ha not indic support one way or the other for hi offer , he said . pesch , in an interview with reuter , said base on the conver he held with sharehold , he could not guag whether he had major support . he said , howev , there is support for hi offer . pesch would not identifi sharehold with whom he held discuss other than the bass famili and the wedg group inc , the onli other holder of more than five pct of american medic stock . earlier today , wedg group , which ha a 5.5 pct stake , said it held discuss with pesch , american medic manag and other american medic sharehold . wedg , in a file with the secur and exchang commiss , said it believ a restructur of american medic and it busi would be `` highli desir and appropri at thi time . `` `` that 's the sort of posit that i find a larg segment of sharehold of ami realli share , `` said pesch . pesch said he held discuss with wedg about join hi takeov effort , in which he is offer 17 dlr cash , four dlr in prefer stock and one dlr in common stock for each american medic share . wedg said it ha no plan to join in an effort to seek control of american medic , but it would not rule out a futur takeov tri . pesch said he did not discuss a joint takeov propo with the bass famili . some analyst saw the wedg statement as a boost to pesch ' takeov effort and a further sign that there could be some sharehold dissatisfact follow american medic ' previou reject of a 20 dlr per share all cash offer from pesch . american medic is expect to resist pesch 's latest bid . larri feinberg , an analyst with dean witter reynold inc said a management-l leverag buyout can not be rule out . an american medic spokesman said the compani will comment on the new pesch offer by march 10. analyst continu to view the bass famili as a factor in the outcom of the bid for control of american medic . the bass famili hold an 11 . 6 pct stake in american medic , and the compani ha previou said the investor support manag 's intern plan to improv the compani ' perform . the bass famili would not comment on american medic or pesch . pesch , who led the leverag buyout of republ health corp last year , continu to face a credibilti problem on wall street becau of the long time it took to finish the republ acquisit . republ also ha substanti debt , and ha left wall street question whether financ can be complet for the much larger american medic takeov propo . pesch 's first offer for american medic wa made without an invest bank firm , anoth cau for concern to wall street . howev , pesch enter hi second offer with repres from donaldson , lufkin , and jenrett secur and secur pacif merchant bank group . `` i do n't have ani doubt that the current transact can be work out and complet , provid we get to the point where ami manag will sit down and talk in a friendli environ , `` pesch said . pesch would not elabor on what type of financ arrang are be made . he did say if he succ in acquir american medic he plan to keep much of american medic manag in place . he said he plan to combin the compani with republ to form an effici network of hospit . analyst said they do not believ a much higher offer could be made for american medic . byron nimock of e.f. hutton group said improv second fiscal quarter earn could make american medic stock worth about 20 dlr per share . nimock estim american medic earn for the second quarter end februari 28 could be 35 ct , compar to a 95 ct loss last year . nimock said pesch 's revi offer is not worth much more than the 20 dlr cash offer previou . but feinberg said there is a better chanc a transact could be complet becau of the revi structur of the offer . `` i think it 's much more doabl , `` he said . analyst have said american medic ha begun a turnaround by replac some member of manag and reduc cost .