fed data suggest u.s. credit polici is on hold latest feder reserv data suggest that the u.s. bank system is flush with reserv go into a period of tradit tight and that over monetari polici is on hold , economist said . `` there is ampl liquid .... the fed is not go to shift gear at the present time or for at least anoth month , `` said maria ramirez of drexel burnham lambert inc. `` technic and season consid asid , there is noth for the ( credit ) market to get excit about , `` ad robert di clement of salomon brother inc. adjust bank borrow from the fed 's discount window averag onli 228 mln dlr a day in the first week of the bank statement period end next wednesday , compar with 233 mln and 451 mln in the first week of the previou two period . anoth sign of abund liquid wa the upward revi in bank ' net free reserv in the two-week period to march 11 to a daili averag of 759 mln dlr from an estim 660 mln . final , a fed spokesman told a press brief that the 14 money center bank were absent from the fed 's discount window for the third week run , with the latest week 's borrow split between the larg region and the smaller bank . while modest open market interv wa appar enough to defu ani fund pressur in the first week of the latest statement period , economist predict that the fed would have to be more aggress in come week . the fed inject temporari reserv directli and indirectli on four of the five trade day via system and custom repurcha agreement . `` fed fund will be come under rel inten pressur , `` said salomon 's di clement , note the approach month- and quarter-end and the round of holiday and tax date in april . `` the fed is face with a larg season ad requir , `` said ward mccarthi of merril lynch and co inc , who expect a perman bill purcha next week and a coupon purcha in earli april . economist were also hearten by further sign of a decel in money suppli growth , not onli in the larg discredit m-1 gaug but also in the more close watch m-2 and m-3 aggreg . m-1 grew a mere 500 mln dlr in the week to march nine , compar with privat forecast of a 2.3 mln dlr rise . weekli m-2 and m-3 compon also hint at slower over growth . `` the m-1 increa wa surprisingli modest and i suspect we are on our way to anoth moder set of m-2 and m-3 figur for march , `` said salomon 's di clement . merril 's mccarthi said they could even come in below the bottom of their respect target rang . in februari , m-2 wa 18.2 billion dlr below it upper limit and m-3 wa 20.8 billion beneath . note fed vice chairman johnson 's encourag remark on inflat today and recent interest rate cut oversea , some economist suggest thi slow in monetari growth could lend support to call for further accommod here . `` our belief is that we could still get a move downward in rate befor anyth el , `` said salomon 's di clement , ad that the key swing factor will continu to be the strength of the u.s. economi . jeffrey leed of chemic bank agr that the economi ' health would remain the main influenc on polici but , contrari to di clement , he said that recent sign of faster growth and inflat could lead to higher rate first . drexel 's ramirez did not commit herself either way , ad that the next major move may have to wait until april 14 when februari 's u.s. trade data are due for relea .