tropic forest death could spark new debt crisi the death of the world 's tropic rain forest could trigger a new debt crisi and social and biolog disast , scientist and ecologist involv with the intern tropic timber organis ( itto ) said . at stake is the abil of develop nation , includ brazil , mexico and the philippin , to servic their debt and the loss of trade worth hundr of billion of dollar in import sector such as agricultur and pharmaceut , they said . the expert , gather ahead of an itto meet of consum and produc near tokyo next week , said the problem is alreadi acut . the philippin offer a textbook case of the econom danger . `` for mani third world nation , the loss of the forest is not just a loss of resourc , '' said delfin ganapin , a philippin govern consult on environment impact . `` in the 1960 we had 16 mln hectar of commerci forest , now we have one mln . we have onli around 10 year of profit log left . with a 26 billion dlr debt , the loss of log foreign exchang earn is seriou , '' he said . about 14 mln philippin peopl depend on upland area that are now denud and farmer can not grow crop . govern secur advis say that as a direct result , the most like sourc of revolut in the philippin is in the upland area , said ganapin . replant is uneconom and replant tropic hardwood have less than a 50 pct chanc of surviv . there is no known way to reproduc the wood , or the million of speci within . `` no replant programm ha been success , '' said almi hafild from the indonesian network for forest conserv . ganapin said three billion dlr would be need in the next two year alon to save five mln hectar of critic denud land in the philippin . the expert say that without a major initi from the develop bank , the viciou circl will continu with countri cut more forest to help servic short-term debt at the cost of long-term insolv . yet timber , a five billion dlr a year industri , is not necessarili the most direct econom product of the forest , and nation must be educ in how best to `` farm '' them , said peter kramer , world wildlif fund ( wwf ) conserv director . there is a four billion dlr annual global trade in the end product of rattan , and brazil nut earn brazil 16 mln dlr a year , he said . u.s. pharmacologist norman farnsworth ha calcul that 25 pct of all u.s. prescript owe their activ ingredi to higher plant grow in the forest . deforest would wipe out the chanc of further discoveri and forc major corpor to research , develop and produc man-mad substitut , at a cost which scientist say is incalcul . by the year 2000 , onli 10 develop nation will still be export timber , from 33 current , and their export earn will drop from a 1980 peak of 6.8 billion dlr to less than two billion , a world bank and u.n. sponsor survey said . of the 20.3 billion dlr advanc by the world bank , inter-american , african and asian develop bank in 1980-84 , onli 100 mln dlr went to forestri project , it said . wwf statist show half of the world 's tropic forest have vanish sinc the 1940 . of 2,000 mln hectar remain , up to 16 mln are destroy each year by destruct log practis and by local farmer .