japan under attack over trade surplu japan 's econom polici face fierc intern attack as hope fade of a substanti drop in it trade surplu , intern monetari sourc said . at a meet thi week in pari , senior govern offici from major nation are consid an organis for econom cooper and develop ( oecd ) staff report that forecast a continu larg japanes trade surplu , they said . though japanes export have becom more expens with the yen 's sharp rise against the dollar , they still tend to surg when growth pick up , accord to the oecd . as a solut , the oecd staff ha urg japan to redirect it export-driven economi , boost domest demand and import by adopt a more flexibl fiscal polici , they said . that recommend echo call made recent at secret meet of the intern monetari fund 's execut board . the monetari sourc said japan 's polici wa critic when the board met to consid the countri 's economi under the annual consult it hold with each of it member . the unit state , which until recent ha been reluct to critic japan 's fiscal stanc , join in the attack , he said . the imf staff ha also cast doubt on the japanes govern 's forecast of 3.5 pct econom growth in the fiscal year begin april 1. most independ forecast , includ the imf , believ that growth in calendar 1987 will be below three pct , monetari sourc said . the financ ministri ha been particularli sensit to such critic becaus it is alreadi under mount domest pressur to boost an economi hard-hit by the yen 's rise . the yen 's climb ha lost export sale and profit in the huge american market . tokyo is also eager to avoid ani suggest that a further yen rise might be need to cut it trade surplu , which last year amount to a record 93 billion dlr . japan can not toler a further rise of the yen , foreign minist tadashi kuranari said recent . the yen close here today at 151.53 to the dollar . most japanes politician , includ financ minist kiichi miyazawa , are clearli hope the yen will weaken , govern offici said . at a meet in pari last month , britain , canada , franc , japan , the unit state and west germani , agre to cooper to hold currenc at around current level . offici said that word repres a compromis . miyazawa hope the agreement will hold the yen stabl for a few month , befor it weaken later in the year . japan want the pari communiqu to impli a higher valu for the dollar , perhap by substitut the word `` recent '' for `` current , '' while the unit state want it to more clearli point to the dollar 's weaker level now , perhap by use of the word `` present , '' they said . in the month lead up the februari 22 agreement , the dollar drop some 10 yen . the offici also sought to discredit suggest in the market that recent u.s. action to prevent the dollar from rise abov 1.87 mark point to a 153 to 155 yen ceil for the u.s. currenc . japan ha also attack oecd forecast , which it say do not take account of the structur chang in the japanes economi that will be trigger by the strong yen . offici said there are alreadi sign of that . more and more compani have announc plan to move product facil offshor to take advantag of cheaper cost abroad , they said .