bank of finland to trade in bank ' certif the bank of finland said it ha start deal in bank ' certif of deposit ( cd ) with immedi effect and that it wa prepar to issu it own paper to stimul oper on the domest money market . bank of finland governor rolf kullberg told a news confer the bank will also limit credit on the call money market from march 30 , 1987 , by introduc a maximum credit amount and a penalti rate if bank exceed thi ceil . `` the recent introduct of three-month money and these new regul are decrea the role of the call money market and the discount rate as monetari instrument , `` kullberg said . banker welcom the central bank measur say these were need to accel the domest money market . the bank of finland had never befor been allow to issu it own cd , they said . `` the central bank for the first time ha an instrument with which it realli can influenc the price of money in thi countri , `` one banker said . under the new rule bank are limit to call money credit to a maximum of 7.5 pct of the total of their equiti capit and cash reserv . a penalti rate of interest of 19 pct is now introduc if the limit is exceed . director sixten korkman at the bank of finland 's monetari depart said he expect the bank to pursu an activ polici on the interbank market as an issuer of own-cd . `` we are free to do it , so mayb on monday we will issu the first , just to see how the system function . over i think we will issu at least a few time a week , `` korkman told reuter . he said the bank wa like to aim at cd with a three-month matur at first as the market wa best develop for paper of that matur . the bank of finland introduc last decemb three-month credit and deposit at rate determin by the central bank and the commerci bank as a shift away from the tradit overnight call money market . liquid on the call credit market ha fallen from around nine billion markka in earli decemb to 167 mln last week , while three-month credit have risen to three to four billion . on the interbank market there ha been an increa trade in bank ' cd , estim to be some eight billion markka . in addit , commerci paper account for around five billion markka and treasuri bill two billion .