usda not plan ani major price chang the agricultur depart is not consid ani major chang in it price system for post counti price , an agricultur depart offic said . `` we do not have current plan to make ani major adjust or chang in our price , `` said bob sindt , usda assist deputi administr for commod oper . u.s. grain trader and merchandi said earlier thi week usda might act soon to reduc the cash corn price premium at the gulf versu interior price level by drop asc post price to encourag interior pik and roll movement . but sindt deni usda is plan ani such chang . `` if peopl are suggest that we are go to make wholes chang in price , we are not consid thi , `` he said . sindt , howev , did not rule out the possibl of implement more minor chang in it price system . `` we are continu monitor the whole nationwid structur to maintain it accuraci , `` he said . `` if we becom convinc that we need to make a chang , then appropri adjust will be made . `` sindt acknowledg that concern ha been voic that usda ' price differenti between the new orlean gulf and interior market are not accur becau of higher than normal barg freight rate . he said commod oper deputi administr ralph klopfenstein is current in the midwest on a speak tour and will meet with asc ofici in kansa citi next week . sindt said a number of issu will be discuss at that meet , includ the current concern over the gulf corn premium . he defend the usda differenti , say that these price margin reflect an averag of price throughout the year and that season factor will normal cau price to increa or decrea . the usda offici also said that onli those counti that use the gulf to price grain are be current affect by the high barg freight tariff and increa gulf price . when ask if the usda emerg storag program which allow grain to be store in barg wa take up barg space and account for the higher freight rate , sindt discount the idea . he said usda ha grain left in onli about 250 barg and that , under provi of the program , these all have to be empti by the end of march .