un confer formal adopt new rubber pact a new intern natur rubber agreement , inra , wa formal adopt by a unit nation confer today . the new accord is due to replac the current one , which expir in octob . confer chairman manaspa xuto of thailand said the formal adopt repres `` a histor moment . '' the latest round of talk , which began march 9 , repres the fourth attempt to negoti a new inra in nearli two year . xuto describ the negoti as `` by no mean easi , and we often face problem . '' the new pact is due to enter into forc provision when ratifi by countri account for 75 pct of world net export and 75 pct of net import . the new inra will enter into forc definit when govern account for at least 80 pct of net export and 80 pct of net import have ratifi it . it will be open for signatur from may 1 to decemb 31 thi year . it is expect that provision entri into forc will take at least 12 to 14 month from now , deleg said . dure the hiatu between the two agreement buffer stock oper will be suspend , but the intern natur rubber council will remain in place . xuto told the confer both the 1979 agreement and it successor were aim at meet the need of produc and consum of natur rubber over the long term . both had interest in stabilis price and suppli , xuto ad . he also prais `` the spirit of 'give ' and 'take ' that prevail throughout thi session . '' ahm farouk of malaysia , speak on behalf of produc , said the conclus of the new pact show that the mutual of interest between produc and consum is now as valid as it wa when negoti of the first agreement began in the 1970 . farouk said the abil to manag inventori on the basi of predict stabl price is `` a vital consider for multin tire compani , whether or not consum countri as a whole claim to be no longer so serious concern about secur of the rubber suppli . '' he said produc consid that the 1979 agreement had serv the purpos for which it wa creat . farouk urg consum countri to promot earli access to the new pact `` to avoid an undu gap between the old and the new . gerard guillonneau of franc , speak for consum , agre that the 1979 agreement had work rel well . but as econom condit had chang , he said , consum had been led to make propos for improv it function . he ad that the adopt of the new agreement `` attest to the import of rubber and confid in the rubber industri . ''