analyst say ussr winter grain hurt by weather the soviet union 's winter grain crop is like to have suffer loss due to dri plant condit last fall and sever cold thi winter , an analyst of world weather and crop condit said . grain analyst and meteorologist gail martel , author of the ef hutton public `` global crop news , `` said in her latest report that the soviet may import more grain , possibl wheat , from the u.s. due to potenti crop damag . `` compar with last year , the outlook ( for the soviet winter grain crop ) is far more pessimist , `` she said . `` but it 's still too earli to talk about disastr loss . a lot will depend on spring weather , not onli for the outcom of the troubl winter grain crop , but also for spring plant . `` martel said the dri weather condit last fall probabl prevent optim seed germin for winter grain . key wheat grow area of the southern ukrain and north caucasu receiv on 25-35 pct of autumn precipit , she said . the bitter winter cold temperatur -- which broke record low that had stood for four decad -- also may have taken it toll on soviet winter crop , she said . howev , she note that most of the southern grain belt had ampl snow cover , which should have well-insul the major of crop area from sever frost damag . the ussr ha alreadi bought 20 to 21 mln tonn of grain in the juli 1986/june 1987 market year , primarili from canada , the european commun , argentina and australia , martel said . she cite a number of reason besid possibl crop problem that might point to addit soviet import demand . last fall 's dri weather may limit livestock graze on moisture-deplet pastur , while the cold winter weather necessit supplement feed to keep livestock healthi . martel wa also skeptic of a soviet claim for a 1986 grain harvest of 210 mln tonn , and said the chernobyl accid may have contamin more grain than origin thought and have to be made up with import . howev , she said the u.s. remain a supplier of last resort for the soviet union , note that the soviet have onli just recent begun their first u.s. grain purcha of the 1986/87 season by buy 2.25 mln tonn of corn . martel cite usda statist show that sinc the 1980 grain embargo the u.s. is onli a major supplier of grain to the ussr dure year of heavi soviet demand . in 1984/85 , the u.s. suppli 41 pct of record soviet grain import of 55.5 mln tonn . but in 1985/86 , the soviet union bought 29.9 mln tonn of grain and turn to the u.s. for onli 24 pct of that total . while the usda soviet import target for grain for 1986/87 wa 22 mln tonn , mani u.s. grain analyst have revi their estim of soviet import up to 25-28 mln tonn , she said .