canada 's clark see trade as most urgent problem trade is the most urgent problem face u.s.-canadian relat becaus of a press need to reach a new bilater pact within the come month , joe clark , canadian secretari of state for extern affair , said . negoti for the two countri have been meet for more than a year in an effort to work out an agreement . `` the most urgent problem now is the trade question becaus that ha to be decid within the next 10 month , '' clark told the commonwealth club of california . `` we have a fast track author from your congress for approv or reject of whatev the negoti achiev . '' clark said that , as a practic matter , an initi agreement must be reach by late septemb or earli octob . he list environment question , particularli acid rain , and defens as the second and third most import bilater issu face ottawa and washington . on wednesday , presid reagan announc that he will seek 2.5 billion dlr from congress to address the acid rain problem . some interpret the move as a goodwil gestur in advanc of hi annual meet , on april 5-6 in ottawa , with prime minist brian mulroney . in a question-and-answ session with the public affair group , clark said that the two countri must find better mechan for resolv their trade disput . `` thi rash of countervail action , where we act on corn and you act on soft wood and we both said they were quasijudici -- the disput resolut mechanisim in place now are not work adequ in either of our interest , '' he said . ottawa also is seek to chang some of washington 's rule on govern procur that penal canadian busi , he said . `` there are a number of canadian compani that , in order to secur substanti contract in the unit state , have had to move their head offic out of our countri into your countri becaus you have nation procur requir , '' he said . in turn , he ad , the unit state would like to chang some of the procur requir that exist at the provinci govern level in canada . clark declin to forecast the outcom of the discuss . `` what will come out of it remain for the negoti , in the first instanc , to propos , and then govern and congress will have judg , '' he said . in hi prepar remark , clark said that the unit state ha tend to take canada for grant , although it export to it northern neighbor more than twice what it export to japan . `` yet you bought almost 10 per cent more from japan last year than you bought from canada , '' he said . reuter