natur ga seen recaptur some market share higher crude oil price will rai demand for natur ga , help it to reclaim market share lost to heavi oil when price plung in 1986 , analyst said . the analyst said that these effort will be most success in the industri sector of the economi with larg and grow energi requir . `` natur ga stand a good chanc to recaptur the share of oil suppli to electr util that it lost to the residu fuel industri last year , `` michael smolinski , an energi economist with data resourc inc , told reuter . an estim 200,000 barrel per day of residu fuel went into the util market at the expen of natur ga last year when world oil price plung , smolinski said . assum oil price hold abov 15 dlr a barrel , nation averag ga price deliv to the util at a project 2.10 to 2.25 dlr per mln btu would be veri competit , michael german , vice presid of econom analysi at american ga associ said . the averag deliv price at the end of januari were 2.10 dlr per mln btu , compar with 3.26 dlr a year ago . `` we expect natur ga to regain 250 to 400 billion cubic feet ( of demand ) in the over energi market in the second and third quarter ( 1987 ) , `` he said . in addit to price competit , avail will be an import factor persuad energi user to switch to ga , frank spadin , senior energi economist with banker trust corp. in new york note . spadin said the mild winter in mani part of the north american contin ha led to a build up of ga inventori and less would be necessari to replenish underground storag thi spring free ga for spot sale . these forecast develop a strong counterpoint to the fear that natur ga supli would be tight and price significantli higher given a sharp declin in drill last year . aga 's german contend that despit the drill declin , much of u.s. prove reserv could be brought to product quickli through develop such as the infil drill which permit more well to be drill in prove reserv basin . cite recent eia statist , german said , the ga surplu wa like to contract from three trillion cubic feet in 1986 to two trillion cubic feet in 1987 , but the surplu would not go away until 1990. smolinski of data resourc agr that the surplu would persist until 1990. while ga suppli may tighten in certain consum area , notabl in california and in the northeast u.s. , an over shortfal appear remot .