econom spotlight - bolivia bolivia , onc latin america 's most delinqu debtor , is prepar for a second intern monetari fund agreement after an econom stabili program ha effect slow inflat and reduc public spend . a fund spokesman said an imf team would visit la paz shortli to discuss term of the new agreement . he said the imf had disbur 130 mln dlr here and 20 mln dlr are pend under the one year agreement that end thi month . the accord provid for a stand-bi loan , a compensatori financ facil and a structur adjust facil . the spokesman said that if the agreement is renew , bolivia can expect a further 60-mln-dlr stand-bi loan over the next 12 month . bolivia 's agreement with the imf , it first sinc 1980 , open the door to reschedul negoti with the pari club and argentina and brazil , which hold 2.5 billion dlr of bolivia 's 4.0-billion-dlr foreign debt . central bank presid javier nogal told reuter the negoti with the pari club , which have yet to be finali , had been extrem success . nogal said the pari club had agr to reschedul bolivia 's debt over 10 year with five to six year grace and had waiv all interest payment until the end of 1988. bilat discuss on interest rate continu , he said . nogal said bolivia wa expect some 400 mln dlr in disbur thi year from lender countri and intern agenc , includ the world bank and the inter-american develop bank , although diplomat and bank sourc put the figur at closer to 300 mln dlr . nogal said bolivia 's net intern reserv are around 250 mln dlr , up from one mln dlr when presid ictor paz estenssoro took offic in august 1985. nogal said the capit flow on bolivia 's debt servic versu new credit had chang from a net outflow of 200 mln dlr in 1985 to a net inflow of 130 mln dlr in 1986. bolivia 's return from the financ wilder follow paz estenssoro 's econom stabili program . he inherit inflat of 23,000 pct a year , state enterpri that were lose hundr of mln of dlr and a currenc that trade on the black market at up to 16 time it offici rate . paz estenssoro froze public sector wage , set a market- relat rate for the peso , introduc tax reform and laid off thousand of worker in state corpor . inflat ha been run at 10 pct a year for the past six month , accord to the central bank , and the govern expect the economi to grow three pct thi year after a 14 pct contract over the last six year . the govern is also propo a novel solut to it debt to commerci bank , some 900 mln dlr , on which interest ha not been paid sinc march , 1984. nogal said that over the next few month bolivia would make a one-tim offer to buy back all it commerci debt at the price it trade on the intern secondari market -- 10-15 cent on the dlr . he said bolivia 's commerci bank steer committ agr at a meet in new york to consid the propo , but it is still unclear what proport of the countri 's creditor bank will take up the offer . one foreign banker specul that bolivia might be abl to buy back up to 30 pct of it commerci debt paper under the deal , mostli from small bank who have written off their loan to the countri . but he said the larger creditor were more interest in a scheme of debt-equ swap , similar to that which ha oper in chile for the past two year . the bolivian govern ha yet to draw up propo for debt-equ swap , but the banker said it wa plan to privati more than 100 state compani and these could serv as a basi for such a scheme . foreign banker said thi type of propo might prove attract to bolivia in the long run , especi as the govern reali that it will have to attract a larg amount of new capit in order to grow . plan minist gonzalo sanchez de lozada told reuter that bolivia wa hope for five to six billion dlr in new invest over the next 10 to 12 year . the govern reali that in order to remain viabl , bolivia will need to develop new export . the price of tin , which account for some 45 pct of bolivia 's export in 1984 , ha collap on the world market , and ga , the countri 's major revenu earner , is in abund suppli in the region .