australian plan philippin branch for takeov the australia base & lt ; ariadn australia ltd > , plan to set up a branch in the philippin to fulfil a prerequisit for the takeov of the philippin brew firm , & lt ; san miguel corp > , a hong kong newspap said . the hong kong econom journal quot a spokesman of australian stock broker jackson ltd as say that & lt ; barwon farmland ltd > , a list australian firm of which ariadn own a 30 pct stake , is plan a branch in the philippin . he ad jackson is arrang an offer by barwon to pay a total 3.8 billion peso in cash for 38 mln san miguel share . barwon is offer 100 peso each for 24 mln class a san miguel share and 14 mln class b stock . but the jackson spokesman note that the more valuabl a stock would onli be sold to filipino or compani regist in the philippin . he said barwon ha approach the philippin govern which seiz the block of share from the unit coconut planter bank , which is believ to be link with the countri 's depo presid ferdinand marco . he ad he expect a deal to be conclud between barwon and the philippin govern in 14 day as it is the onli offer in cash , the newspap report . hong kong econom journal also note stock market rumour that & lt ; neptunia corp > , a hong kong regist compani which control by san miguel 's presid andr soriano , is the other parti keen on the block of san miguel share . the philippin 's commiss on good govern rule last may against a move of neptunia to acquir 33 mln san miguel share control by the breweri firm 's former chairman eduardo cojuangco , who is also chairman of unit coconut . commiss ramon diaz said at the time the govern would not allow a subsidiari to buy into a parent firm , ad san miguel could have offer the share to other parti . the manila newspap sunday time publish a letter sent yesterday to presid corazon aquino from ariadn 's chairman , new zealand bruce judg , that he wa offer cash equiv to five pct of the nation 's yearli budget to buy the share from the govern . `` judg 's offer of 3.8 billion peso is about five pct of the philippin ' yearli budget , `` ariadn 's philippin agent domingo panganiban wa quot as tell report yesterday . spokesmen of ariadn , jackson and neptunia were not avail for comment , nor ani offici of the philippin . & lt ; san miguel breweri ltd > , a hong kong list compani which is 69.65 pct held by neptunia on behalf of san miguel corp , close 40 cent higher at 15.50 h.k . dlr on friday .