u.s. credit market outlook - mini-refund a hefti slice of new u.s. treasuri suppli is not the most welcom prospect for a slumber credit market , but at least thi week 's offer should provid it with some focu , economist said . `` bank and mutual fund have cash that should be put to work , so the auction should breath some life into the market , '' said economist at merril lynch capit market inc. the treasuri will place a 25 billion dlr packag of two-year , four-year and seven-year note on the sale block thi week . the `` mini-refund , '' which will rais 9.27 billion dlr in new cash , compris 10 billion dlr of two-year note for auction on tuesday , 7.75 billion dlr of four-year note on wednesday and 7.25 billion dlr of seven-year note on thursday . the market also face the regular weekli three- and six-month bill auction today , amount to 12.8 billion dlr . the mini-refund doe not come at a particularli auspici time for the market . bond price have been drift sideway in a narrow rang against the backdrop of a cloudi u.s. econom outlook , diminish chanc of a chang in feder reserv board polici and a stabl dollar . moreov , the bond market 's inertia ha compar unfavour with the rash of activ take place in high-yield market oversea , like the u.k. , as well as in u.s. equiti . but accord to the merril lynch economist , there are sign the pall hang over the u.s. bond market is lift a bit . `` custom activ ha been light , but all on the buy-sid , and there is a mark absenc of sell , '' they said in a weekli report . philip braverman of irv trust secur inc believ bank will snap up the two- and four-year issu at thi week' sale . `` the bank are in need of invest that provid earn . though the yield spread to the cost of carri these matur ha been wider , it is still posit , '' he said in a weekli market review . but economist agre not even the auction will gener enough impetu for a major move . thi will onli come onc the oversea market have had their run . `` base on last week 's event , there is littl to indic that the appetit for yield ha begun to wane , '' said economist at salomon brother inc. inde , talk persist last week that japanes investor are plan to re-weight their portfolio in favour of the higher-yield market at the start of japan 's new fiscal year on april 1. and while tradit the japanes have not been big buyer of the shorter-d issu on offer at thi week 's u.s. auction , such report undermin market confid . even action by the british , australian and canadian monetari author to curb the rise of their currenc should also enhanc the attract of their respect bond market , the salomon brother ' economist said . meanwhil , ecomom releas are unlik to enliven the u.s. market unless they deviat wide from expect , economist said . thi week 's econom calendar begin on tuesday with februari durabl good order . economist expect a rebound from januari 's depress level . peter greenbaum of smith , barney , harri upham and co said sever area , includ transport equip , should have bounc back . but a declin in militari capit good will cap total new order . he forecast a rise of two pct after januari 's 6.7 pct slump . some other economist forese a gain as larg as five pct . friday 's consum price report for februari is expect to show an increas of about 0.3 pct after a 0.7 pct januari gain . economist said energi price -- the drive forc behind the januari rise -- rose more moder last month , while food price declin . meanwhil , economist warn that the feder fund rate will be subject to volatil in the week ahead due to the approach of quarter-end and the mid-april tax date . some economist expect the fed to execut a bill pass thi week becaus it ad requir increas sharpli in the new statement period begin on thursday . fed fund trade at 6-1/16 pct late friday and are expect to open near that level .