dart group flexibl on supermarket & lt ; sgl > bid & lt ; dart group corp > said it told supermarket gener corp & lt ; sgl > it wa flexibl on the price it would pay to acquir the compani . dart ha said it would offer 41.75 dlr cash for each sgl share if the sgl board recommend the offer to sharehold . sgl ha term the 1.62 billion dlr offer unsolicit . in a letter to sgl date march 20 , dart also said it wa deni confidenti inform on sgl that would be given to other potenti bidder . sgl offici could not be reach for comment . dart said it wa advis that a sell brochur for the sale of sgl had been distribut to about 20 potenti buyer , but not itself . these purchas would also be given access to sgl 's book and record and the opportun to talk with key employe . `` we suspect that one or more of the 20 are leverag buyout firm , '' said a sourc close to dart . analyst have said sgl manag may be consid a leverag buyout . dart said it remain interest in acquir sgl on a friendli basi and reiter it willing to negoti all the term of it offer . dart said sgl repres said the compani ha not receiv ani other offer . it said it request the confidenti inform to better understand sgl , but wa deni thi becaus it refus to sign an agreement prohibit it from make a bid for sgl without sgl 's approv . the agreement would also have limit it abil to buy sgl share , dart said . it consid those condit unreason in the interest of tri to negoti a friendli transact , it said . dart ha just under five pct of sgl share . dart said it request the inform befor it meet with sgl repres , but held the meet in the hope repres would reach an agreement . it said it indic it wa flexibl on price , but wa told there were certain issu import to sgl manag and while they were not condit to the deal , dart wa expect to take them into account in put togeth it packag . it said the issu includ an immedi payment of 5.7 mln dlr to sgl chairman leonard lieberman , execut vice presid jame dougherti and financi offic murray levin . dart said thi payment wa intend for the three officers' sever agreement , although there wa an implic that lieberman and dougherti would be leav the compani of their own volit . dart said under their present agreement , none of these offic have ani right to such acceler payment . also , dart said lieberman , dougherti and levin are to be paid 2.6 mln dlr to pay their tax . it also said top management' incent share were to be acceler and paid for at a cost of six mln dlr although there are restrict on the share unless waiv by the compani 's compens committe . dart said it wa to fund up to five mln dlr for top manag 's supplement retir plan . dart said anoth issu wa to agre to futur sever oblig and futur salari guarante for top manag , estim at more than 15 mln dlr in excess of oblig under the compani 's present polici . dart said despit such manag payment , it agre to discuss all aspect of it offer and in fact did tri to negoti a transact at the march 18 meet with sgl . supermarket gener own the path mark supermarket chain and rickel home centr . dart also releas a copi of a lawsuit that wa be file by an sgl sharehold , seek to stop sgl from take such action as pay greenmail or enact a poison pill defenc . the suit also sought to have director carri out their fiduciari duti . greenmail is the payment at a premium for share held by an unwant suitor and a poison pill is typic the issu of secur to sharehold which make a takeov more expens .