german bond yield seen fall in near term west german bond yield could declin over the next few month if recent effort to stabil exchang rate , as seen in last month 's pari pact , extend to keep down european interest rate , bank economist said . but in the longer term domest yield could rise under agreement to stimul west germani 's economi , they said . the pari agreement ha so far success stabil currenc with the threat of central bank intervent , economist said . economist specul that g-7 countri may tri to bolster the pact by uncoupl u.s. and west german interest rate further when they meet for the imf interim committe in april . `` the recent round of monetari accommod by the bundesbank and the bank of japan and the firm of the feder fund rate are signific . they mark an uncoupl of movement in u.s. and foreign interest rate , '' salomon bro inc said in a recent studi . it said narrow of intern interest rate spread wa a major factor in the dollar 's fall . these spread will have to be widen if the dollar is to be stabil . west german bundesbank presid karl otto poehl encourag the u.s. not to cut interest rate in januari when the bundesbank cut it own rate by half a point , to avoid weaken the dollar . west german economist see room for further cut in lead west german rate if the dollar resum it declin . `` it 's not a taboo , '' peter pietsch , spokesman for commerzbank ag said . but most economist see room for a cut in west german rate onli in the first half of the year , as re-emerg inflat will limit room for manoeuvr later in the year . the bundesbank 's averag yield of public paper is alreadi near last year 's low . last week , yield fell to around 5.50 pct , not far from the 1986 low of 5.35 pct post in mid-april . economist said the trend may caus domest investor to shift some fund from short to longer-term paper . such a move would tend to flatten the yield curv between short and long-term rate , which ha becom more pronounc sinc the bundesbank lower it discount rate . it might also facilit a further cut in lead rate , as the shift out of save account into secur would slow growth of the bundesbank 's central bank money stock aggreg . but conflict with thi trend are plan to increas west german tax cut , part of the pari currenc pact design to meet u.s. demand for faster west german growth . thi move may forc interest rate up by creat a revenu vacuum which must be fill by higher govern borrow . thi may not occur if privat sector demand for credit remain weak , but demand could emerg if rate begin rise . economist said it appear the govern had alreadi step up borrow thi year to accomod revenu loss from other sourc , includ tax loss result from weaker than expect econom growth , and higher than expect spend . josef koerner , chief economist of the west german ifo-institut , said in a newspap interview he expect 1987 tax revenu to be some 11 billion mark below estim by the west german govern in novemb . ani tax shortfal in itself is unlik to push yield up . but coupl with other factor such as wane foreign specul buy of mark bond on the dollar 's declin , long term yield may to have to rise , economist said . public author borrow in 1988 may also rise owe to increas in the second phase of bonn 's tax reform packag . the west german govern is rais it total tax cut in 1988 by 5.2 billion mark to 14.4 billion . west german chancellor helmut kohl said last week increas borrow to financ the tax reform is accept . financ minist gerhard stoltenberg said last thursday he wa look for other way to financ the reform , such as rais indirect tax . but few economist believ the govern will be abl to go through with it tax measur without increas net borrow . the bundesbank said in it februari report that it wa wrong to believ that the first stage of the tax reform in 1986 could be manag without increas deficit . the bundesbank said west german public author borrow a larg 21.9 billion mark in credit market in the 1986 final quarter compar with 14.8 billion in fourth quarter 1985. the feder govern took up nearli 10 billion mark of the fourth quarter 1986 figur , and also drew on two billion mark of bundesbank advanc at the end of the year , when it had not requir such a credit in the 1985 quarter .