cash crisi hit ugandan coff board uganda 's state-run coff market board ( cmb ) ha been suffer a cash crisi for the past two month due to a bottleneck in export shipment and administr delay in handl payment , trade sourc said . the cmb need between 10 and 15 billion shill ( the equiv of seven to 10 mln dlr ) to pay farmer and processor for coff alreadi deliv , but it present export revenu is insuffici to cover such expenditur , they said . the board 's cash crisi ha seriou implic for the economi as a whole , sinc coff account for 95 pct of uganda 's total export . the cmb 's financ difficulti first start in januari follow delay in rail-freight export consign of coff to the port of mombasa , dar es salaam and tanga . these delay were cau by a shortag of railway wagon in uganda and bottleneck on the ferri which transport ugandan wagon across lake victoria to link up with the kenyan and tanzanian railway system , the sourc said market minist john sebaana-kizito publicli acknowledg on februari 19 that the cmb had run up arrear to local supplier as a result of the shortag of transport for move export . sebaana-kizito said at the time that the payment squeez would be resolv in two week . howev , an accid to the rail ferri which pli between the ugandan lake port of jinja and kisumu in kenya put it out of action between februari 21 and march 15 , cau fresh delay in cargo movement . coff export are especi sensit to the disrupt of rail transport sinc presid yoweri museveni ha ban their haulag by road in a drive to save transport cost . transport difficulti meant that by earli februari the cmb wa hold unsold coff stock of around 750,000 bag . these stock were equiv to one quarter of uganda ' expect three mln 60-kilo bag 1986/87 ( october-septemb ) crop , the sourc said . accord to the sourc , the board 's financ problem have been aggrav by long delay in process export receipt . the coff board wa take about eight week to recycl export receipt into payment to local produc , wherea export bill handl by local bank took half that time to process , they said . the sourc said the cmb 's price structur had been overtaken by uganda 's high inflat rate , unoffici estim at about 200 pct , and that thi wa a further disinc to produc , alreadi owe larg arrear . `` the coff price structur is wrong and three month behind , the foreign exchang rate is unrealist , and the sooner the so-cal econom packag is put in top gear , the better for the coff industri and the economi as a whole , `` one of the sourc said . the govern is current negoti a packag of econom reform with the world bank and intern monetari fund aim at underpin a renew inflow of foreign aid to help uganda 's econom recoveri after 15 year of polit strife .