japan in last ditch effort to save chip pact japan ha launch a last-ditch effort to salvag it comput micro-chip pact with the unit state - send a letter to top american polici maker set out it case and instruct it produc to cut output further . `` we must make our utmost effort to ward off ani catastroph , '' ministri of intern trade and industri ( miti ) deputi director gener masaji yamamoto told report . `` if hasti action is taken in the unit state , it will creat veri seriou problem . '' the reagan administr 's econom polici is expect to meet thursday to review japanes complianc with the bilater agreement hammer out last year . under the pact , tokyo agre to stop sell cut-pric chip in world market and to increas it import of american semiconductor . washington ha accus japan of reneg on the deal by sell low price chip in asia and by fail to boost american import , and ha threaten to take retaliatori action . in an effort to save the agreement , miti is ask japanes chip maker to limit product in the hope that will boost domest demand and reduc the incent to export . yamamoto said that japan will slash output of 256 kilobit dynam random access and eras programm read onli memori chip by 11 pct in the second quarter . thi follow a cutback of more than 20 pct in the first three month of the year . he said the cutback were alreadi dri up the suppli of chip avail for export through unregul distributor in the so-cal grey market . `` we have almost no grey market , '' he said . `` suppli is diminish . '' to help ensur that the cutback are implement , miti call in the presid of japan 's largest semiconductor maker , nec corp & lt ; nipn.t > last week , he said . it is also issu specif instruct on product to the japanes subsidiari of & lt ; texa instrument inc > . trade and industri minist hajim tamura spell out the step japan wa take to salvag the pact and appeal for u.s. understand in a letter to top american polici maker . the letter wa sent today to u.s. secretari of state georg schultz , treasuri secretari jame baker , commerc secretari malcolm baldrig and u.s. trade repres clayton yeutter . the four , who make up the econom polici council , are expect to consid evid present by u.s. chip maker micron technolog inc & lt ; dram.o > of cut-pric japanes sale in hong kong . yamamoto admit that & lt ; oki electr industri co > 's hong kong subsidiari had sold chip at an inappropri level but deni that it wa dump chip at rock-bottom price . `` if the unit state use thi as proof of dump ... we will present our rebutt , '' he said . the sale though were inappropri in the light of miti' advic to semiconductor maker to sell chip at well abov product cost to avoid ani hint of dump , he said . he also call the case `` strang , '' but he stop short of endors japanes newspap accus that oki had been trap into make the sale . he did say though that micron public the invoic document the sale on the same day they were made and that oki wa unabl to locat the person who had bought the chip when it tri to buy them back last week .