tin council winding-up verdict appeal amalgam metal trade , amt , today lodg an appeal against the rule which prevent it petit to wind up the intern tin council , itc . the verdict wa given by mr justic millett on januari 22 , when amt led an effort by itc creditor to recov sum claim by bank and london metal exchang broker as a result of the collap of the itc 's buffer stock oper in octob 1985. amt had until march 26 to lodg it appeal . the ground for the appeal are that the judg er on three point when give hi verdict , michael arnold , head of the broker creditor group tinco reali , told reuter . the judg rule that the u.k. court had no jurisdict to wind up the tin council , that the itc wa not an associ within the mean of the compani act , and that the winding-up petit wa not a proceed in respect of an arbitr award . amt will contest all three point . the u.k. compani act allow the possibl of the winding-up of what it defin as an associ , and amt will argu that the tin council fall within thi definit , arnold said . the itc ha immun except for the enforc of an arbitr award , and thu it is import for amt that the court accept that the winding-up petit repr a move to enforc an arbitr rule . the court origin decid that the winding-up petit went wider than the enforc of such a debt , an amt spokesman said . the appeal is unlik to be heard for sever month , but a case brought by fellow itc creditor maclain watson is to be heard on april 28. thi is a move by the metal broker to have a receiv appoint over the itc 's asset . sinc similar argument will be use in thi case , it is possibl that ani appeal in the maclain watson case could be consolid with amt 's appeal , arnold said . other itc creditor have brought direct action against the council 's member state and an applic by the govern to strike out the first of these , brought by j.h . rayner ( minc lane ) ltd , is to be heard on may 11. shearson lehman brother action against the lme 's tin `` ring-out `` in march 1986 is also schedul to be heard in the near futur . the hear date ha now been put back slightli to june 8 .