u.s. prepar to escort kuwaiti tanker the unit state ha offer navi warship to escort kuwaiti oil tanker into and out of the gulf where they could be threaten by new iranian anti-ship missil , u.s. defen offici said today . `` we believ the kuwaiti have also approach the soviet union about the possibl of use soviet tanker `` to ship their oil , one of the offici told reuter . `` but if there is superpow protect , we would rather it come from us , `` the offici said . the offici , who ask not to be identifi , said kuwait had ask about possibl protect for a dozen vessel , most of them oil tanker , which could be suppli by three u.s. navi guid missil destroy and two guid missil frigat now in the southern part of the gulf . `` we told them we would give them help and we are wait to hear the kuwaiti respon to our offer , `` one offici said . in addit to a half dozen ship in the u.s. navi 's small mideast task forc near the strait of hormuz , the pentagon ha move 18 warship -- includ the aircraft carrier kitti hawk -- into the northern indian ocean in the past month . white hou and defen offici said today that mass of the fleet wa routin and had noth to do with the iran-iraq war or iran 's recent station of chinese-mad anti-ship missil near the mouth of the gulf . the land-ba missil have increa concern in kuwait and other middl east countri that their oil shipment might be affect . sever hundr vessel have been confirm hit in the gulf by iran and iraq sinc earli 1984. white hou spokesman marlin fitzwat told report today that it wa in the u.s. strateg interest to keep the free flow of oil in the gulf and through the strait of hormuz . but he said u.s. ship in the region were on routin maneuv . defen secretari caspar weinberg on sunday declin to discuss specif , but said the unit state would do whatev wa necessari to keep the gulf ship open in the face of new iranian anti-ship missil in the region . `` we are fulli prepar to do what 's necessari to keep the ship go and keep the freedom of navig avail in that veri vital waterway of the world , `` he said on nbc televi 's `` meet the press . `` the state depart said friday iran ha been inform about u.s. concern over the threat to oil shipment in the gulf . the communci wa sent through switzerland , which repr american interest in iran . iran on sunday deni as baseless report that it intend to threaten ship in the gulf and warn the unit state that ani interf in the region would meet a strong respon from tehran , tehran radio said . an iranian foreign ministri spokesman , quot in a broadcast monitor by the bbc in london , said report that iran intend to threaten ship in the gulf were baseless . `` in conjunct with thi mislead propaganda , america ha alreadi pave the ground to achiev it expansionist and hegemonist intent , aim to build up it militari presenc in the region , `` he wa quot as say .