american express & lt ; axp > approv shearson offer american express co said it board approv a public offer of about 18 pct of it wholli own shearson lehman brother inc brokerag unit . american express also approv the previou announc plan to sell about 13 pct , or 13 mln convert prefer , of the unit to nippon life insur co for 538 mln dlr . the prefer share are convert to the same number of common share follow hart-scott-rodino and fdic approv . american express said it will maintain 60 pct , or 60 mln of the 100 mln share of shearson that will be outstand . american express said it had agr with nippon life that american express will hold a minimum of 40 pct of shearson until januari , 1999. american express said 7.5 mln shearson share would be held by certain employ of shearson and one mln by a shearson stock ownership plan to be form . american express said it anticip a registr statement for the public offer will be file with the secur and exchang commiss shortli . american express also declar a two-for-on stock split and rai it quarterli dividend to 38 ct per share from 36 ct on a pre-split basi . both dividend are payabl may 8 , to sharehold of record april 3. there are current 215 mln american express share outstand . the transact with nippon life remain subject to approv by the japan ministri of financ , which is expect in april . american express also said an agreement wa reach by shearson and nippon life provid for a joint ventur in london . the ventur will focu on invest advisori asset manag , market research and consult on financ . it also said it expect the relationship to extend to select project involv american express , shearson lehman and nippon life in key financ center of asia and other region , and to futur personnel exchang . under the agreement , nippon will receiv 13 mln cumul prefer share with a five pct dividend rate . the cumul prefer stock will becom convert with vote power to an equal number of common share follow the u.s. govern approv . american express said that assum conver of the prefer stock held by nippon , 100 mln share of shearson lehman common stock would be outstand . for the public offer , it said there will be an underwrit overallot option to purcha 1.8 mln share . american express will also grant nippon life a five-year warrant to purcha one mln american express common share at 100 dlr per share . there are current 215 mln american express share outstand . nippon life would be entitl to nomin two director to the shearson board and one repr to serv as an advi to the american express board of director . `` these propo transact are yet anoth signal that american express intend to stay in the forefront of the financ servic industri worldwid , `` said american express chairman jame d. robinson . `` the implement of our plan , moreov , will enabl us to maintain a major interest in shearson while enhanc the strength of our balanc sheet by tap addit capit resourc for shearson outsid american express . `` reuter ...