chicago futur leader say market can adapt foreign currenc futur market would not be harm if the lead industri countri agre to restrict currenc movement to within a narrow band , said leo melam , chairman of the chicago mercantil exchang 's , cme , execut committe . `` the target zone would not affect our market i think at all .... a 10 pct rang in the deutsch mark give us a healthi market , '' melam told reuter in an interview . `` we were will to live in the old smithsonian era with a four pct shift , '' he said , refer to permit currenc fluctuat in the earli 1970 . `` one thing you can adjust is to make each contract a larger valu . '' as chairman of the cme in 1969-71 , melam wa instrument in the develop of currenc futur , which now are crucial to the chicago exchang . melam said capit flow -- which he estim can approach 200 billion dlr a day -- would overwhelm effort by govern to control currenc fluctuat . `` they can do it for a day , in term of intervent , an hour , a week mayb , but not over a period of time . so it' unrealist and it doe n't work and it 's unnecessari . '' the cme 's top policymak also said a decis by the exchang to advanc the quarterli settlement time of it stock index futur contract to the morn from the afternoon would help elimin dramat price gyrat in futur and equiti market on so-cal `` triple-witch '' day . `` we think that the settlement in the morn will have a salutari effect so that over a longer period of time i think thi issu ( tripl witch ) will go away becaus of the chang in the structur as of next june , '' when the move is schedul to go into effect , he said . melam said propos chang in floor practic by trader of the popular standard and poor 's 500 stock index futur would address complaint of trade abus and stimul trade . two week ago , the cme board of director propos bar broker on the top step of the pit from trade for their own account . the board also propos requir broker engag in dual trade elsewher in the pit to record person trade to the nearest minut and curb trade between broker group . the chang `` will in time have an extrem posit effect on the marketplac . that 's go to prove veri , veri instrument in increas volum over time , '' he said , predict the increas would come within a year . melam , also chairman of dellsher invest co inc , said the cme last week withdrew a propos to put a 12-point limit on the s and p 500 index 's daili price movement when the commod futur trade commiss told the exchang it could not be a temporari program . the cme also receiv `` mani neg comment , mani more than we anticip , '' melam conced . mani futur commiss merchant predict sell order would acceler in the event the price approach the bottom limit .