cbi survey point to surg in u.k. output british manufactur expect output to grow rapidli in the four come month , a confed of british industri ( cbi ) survey show . the cbi 's monthli trend survey for march show that 43 pct of the 1,685 poll u.k. firm expect to rai output in the next four month . onli nine pct expect output to fall while 47 pct said product would like remain unchang . the cbi said the posit balanc between firm expect product to rise and those forecast a fall , at 34 pct , wa the highest such figur record sinc 1977. in the cbi 's februari survey , 37 pct of compani expect a rise in output while 54 pct forecast product would remain at present level and eight pct expect product to drop . the survey also show that 23 pct of the poll compani consid current order book to be abov normal while 58 pct view them as normal and onli 19 pct regard them as below normal . thi wa the highest posit balanc sinc the question wa first ask more than 10 year ago , the cbi said . in februari , the figur were 24 pct , 22 pct and 54 pct respect . compani also rate their export possibl higher . of all poll compani , 23 pct rate their export order book to be abov normal and 53 pct describ them as normal while onli 23 pct believ export order were below normal level . in februari , 25 pct thought their export book were below normal and 50 pct believ them to be about normal . at 23 pct , the proport of compani rate their export book abov normal wa unchang between februari and march . on price , the survey show that 62 pct of compani expect averag price at which domest order are book will remain unchang in the come four month , up from 57 pct in februari . from 38 pct in februari , onli 31 pct of firm now expect price to rise befor juli . six pct forecast price will fall , against four pct a month earlier . comment on the survey , cbi econom situat committ chairman david wigglesworth said sterl 's more competit level against mani european currenc had improv export . `` but interest rate are still much higher than in our competitor countri and british manufactur will still have to work hard to win new busi both in oversea market and in the substitut of british-mad good for import here at home , `` he said .