doubt about accord seen weaken dollar further the dollar is expect to declin further in come day as sceptic mount about the effect of last month 's pari accord to stabili currenc exchang rate , senior foreign exchang dealer said . follow it fall today to a record 148.40 yen , dealer said they expect the dollar to establish a new trade rang of 147 to 150 yen befor the market again tri to push it down . behind the latest dollar fall lie the belief that last month ' accord wa no longer enough to stop oper push the dollar down , the dealer said . `` the recent remark by u.s. treasuri secretari jame baker that the pari accord did not set ani target rang for major currenc ha cast a shadow on the agreement , `` said koji kidokoro , gener manag of mitsui bank ltd 's treasuri divi . he said the market interpret thi as indic the u.s. would favour a weaker dollar and it had littl intent of interven to support the currenc . `` thi elimin the widespread market caution against possibl joint central bank interv , `` kidokoro said . dealer said the dollar had gather renew downward momentum and that bank of japan interv alon could hardli contain a further slide in the currenc . they said the central bank bought between one to 1.5 billion dlr today , includ direct purcha through broker , and yesterday it might have bought a small amount of dollar through the u.s. central bank in new york . most dealer said they doubt the u.s. feder reserv would interven on it own account to support the dollar , but some said thi might occur if the dollar fell much below 148 yen . `` if the dollar drop to that low level , it could reduc the flow of foreign capit into u.s. secur , which the american do n't want , `` said haruya uehara , chief money market manag of mitsubishi trust and bank corp. he said the dollar may return to around 152 yen next month when corpor reduc their dollar sale after they close their book for the 1986/87 busi year end on march 31. but dealer said the longer-term outlook for the dollar remain bearish . thi wa due to the lacklustr perform of the u.s. economi , the continu u.s. trade deficit and japan delay in announc an econom stimul packag . `` the american are get frustrat at japan 's inertia in stimul it economi , `` said hirozumi tanaka , assist gener manag of dai-ichi kangyo bank ltd 's intern treasuri divi . in the pari currenc accord japan promi a packag of econom measur , after the fiscal 1987 budget wa pass , to boost domest demand , increa import , and thu reduc it trade surplu . the packag wa expect in april , but debat on the budget ha been delay by an opposit boycott of parliamentari busi over the propo introduct of a sale tax . in the circumst the govern had onli a slim chanc of produc a mean econom packag in the near futur , dai-ichi kangyo 's tanaka said . dealer said if step are not taken to stimul the japan economi protectionist sentiment in the u.s. congress would grow and put more downward pressur on the dollar .