nippon life , shearson tie-up seen set trend nippon life insur co 's 538 mln dlr purcha of a 13 pct stake in shearson lehman brother inc brokerag unit is a shrewd move that other japan insur are like to follow , secur analyst said . the invest in one of wall street 's top brokerag hou is like to pay off in dollar and intern market posit , they said . `` it 's part of a trend toward grow capit particip by japan insur firm in foreign financ institut , `` said simon smithson , an analyst with kleinwort benson intern inc in tokyo . the invest in shearson lehman , a grow firm describ by some analyst as the top u.s. retail brokerag , will give nippon life a ringsid seat and possibl lower commiss on wall street , where it invest an increa percentag of it asset of 90.2 billion dlr , they said . nippon life staff will also acquir experti in busi sector which have not yet open up in japan , they ad . the agreement between the two compani call for a 50-50 joint ventur in london focuss on invest advisori asset manag , market research , and consult on financ . nippon life is japan 's largest insur compani and the world 's biggest institut investor , analyst said . the japan financ ministri is expect to approv the deal in april , make nippon life the first japan life insur firm to take a stake in a u.s. financ firm . the limit on foreign asset as a proport of japan insur ' asset wa increa to 25 pct from 10 pct last year . sinc then , they have step up purcha of foreign stock and sought to deepen their understandng of foreign market and instrument . last year , a sumitomo life insur co offici wa appoint to e.f. hutton group inc unit e.f. hutton and co ' board and sumitomo bank ltd spent 500 mln dlr to becom a limit partner in goldman , sach and co. smithson said japan bank start buy smaller and problem-plagu bank in 1984 . `` but now japan are go for blue-chip organi , `` he said . `` it 's a reflect of what ha happen in manufactur industri , `` said brian waterh at jame capel and co. `` with a histor high yen , and histor low interest rate , there 's an increa disinc to invest in japan . `` competit in fund manag ha grown along with greater japan save . the typic salari employ ha 7.33 mln yen in save , reflect an annual averag save rate of 17 to 18 pct , he said . to stay competit , fund manag must invest oversea and gain experi with financ instrument which are like to spread to japan with further deregul . `` the high regulatori environ ha delay ( life insur firm ' ) diversif . now there 's a grow number of new product in an environ of increa competit for perform on fund manag , `` smithson said .