u.s. economi show promis sign of growth the u.s. economi is show some promis sign of acceler expans despit the sluggish of the fourth quarter last year , privat economist say . some of the slow experienc in the october-decemb period had been expect to spill over into the first quarter thi year , as the tax law chang that went into effect in januari slow busi and consum spend . but some of the latest econom data show sign of surpris strength in the u.s. economi , although some economist remain cautiou about the outlook . the commerc depart report today that new order for durabl good in februari jump by 5.7 billion dlr , a six pct rise , to 101.2 billion dlr . even exclud volatil defens good , durabl good order rose a healthi 3.8 pct , the agenc said . the februari number surpass the expect of mani financi analyst , whose predict rang from flat to increas of up to five pct . the january/februari employ statist suggest the gross nation product will show a healthi rate of growth for the first three month of thi year , said lyle gramley , an economist with the mortgag banker associ . the u.s. jobless rate in februari and januari wa 6.7 pct , the lowest rate sinc march 1980. the number of new non-farm job rose by 337,000 in februari after a 319,000 gain in januari and a 225,000 decemb increas , the govern said . the employ data suggest a gnp annual growth rate of about three to 3.25 pct in the first quarter , said gramley . much of that will be attribut to busi rebuild their inventori and is not like to be sustain in the second quarter , gramley said . he expect a slowdown in the second quarter with smaller increas in person consumpt and govern spend . he also see residenti construct declin mostli for multi-famili hous unit . fidel bank senior economist mickey levi said some of the fourth quarter slow will continu . levi predict gnp will grow at a scant 1.5 pct rate in the first quarter of 1987 , acceler dure the second quarter and show a brisk 4.5 pct annual rate in the third quarter . the key to both forecast is a mark improv in the u.s. trade balanc which is expect becaus of the declin in the dollar 's valu over the last year and half . `` the improv will be gradual and long last , '' levi predict . most of it will be through import reduct , but at least one-third will be due to a rise in product export as the price of u.s. good becom more attract oversea . the reagan administr ha predict the trade deficit , which soar to record level last year , will improv thi year and the u.s. economi will grow by a respect 3.2 pct for the year compar with a 2.5 pct rate last year . as part of the effort to reduc the trade deficit , the u.s. ha been press west germani and japan to stimul their domest demand for good from the u.s. and other . u.s. offici believ that would help take some of the pressur off the unit state whose five year of econom growth ha been the mainstay of develop countri . the u.s. economi provid them with a giant market for their good give them a way to earn incom badli need to servic their foreign debt . the govern last week said the u.s. economi grew at a modest 1.1 pct annual rate dure the fourth quarter . there were indic of improv in the huge imbal between the volum of good import to the unit state and those ship abroad . the report show a rise volum of export correspond to a declin in import despit the fact that in current dollar term , the u.s. trade deficit worsen dure the close three month of 1986. while fourth quarter econom growth wa weak , corpor profit jump a healthi 6.1 pct dure the period , the govern said . it also report that inflat , as measur by the gnp price deflat , remain in check , grow a moder 0.7 pct in the period , the lowest rise in 19 year . the govern also report that consum spend , a key element of the five year econom recoveri , jump 1.7 pct in februari , after fall two pct in januari . the feder reserv board also report that the manufactur sector , which had been one of the weaker element of the u.s. economi , wa show sign of recoveri . in it latest report on current econom condit , the fed said that econom activ in the variou region of the countri rang from uneven or steadi to improv . manufactur activ show sign of improv in most region except dalla where order remain sluggish . chase econometr chairman lawrenc chimerin said the pick up in the u.s. manufactur sector is larg due to the drop in the dollar 's valu . he said he doe not forese a major pick up in econom activ , but doe not believ the economi will slip into recess either . he said higher price on import product and wage cut that have help the manufactur sector will squeez consum purchas power . `` that pattern is start and will continu for a number of year , '' chimerin said . he see econom growth hover around a modest two pct level for the next few year .