indonesia urg to deregul it economi world bank presid barber conabl link increas borrow by indonesia , the third world' sixth largest debtor , to fresh measur to deregul trade and dismantl protectionist barrier . `` we would like to see the indonesian govern continu the adjust process ... to move toward increas deregul of the economi , '' conabl told a press confer at the end of a three-day visit to jakarta . conabl directli link further bank help for indonesia' hard-press balanc of payment to further measur by the govern to reduc protection and increas effici . the world bank last month grant indonesia a 300 mln dlr trade adjust loan . he said further loan would depend on the econom polici indonesia adopt . but he said that in meet with both presid suharto and lead indonesian minist he had not call for specif polici chang . `` the initi will have to rest with the indonesian govern . we are not here to dictat to them , '' he state . indonesia , the onli asian member of opec , ha been badli hit by last year 's slump in oil price which cut it revenu from crude export in half . conabl had what he term a frank meet thi morn with suharto . he voic support for measur alreadi taken , includ septemb 's 31 pct devalu of the rupiah , and effort to deregul import and stimul export . `` the govern can reli on the support of the world bank in a continu program of adjust to the econom realiti of today 's world , '' he said . the bank ha loan indonesia 10.7 billion dlr over the past 20 year . lend is now about one billion a year . the world bank would probabl like to see further dismantl of tarrif barrier and measur to reduc indonesia 's protect monopoli in area like steel , plastic and cement , western banker and diplomat said . the govern ha alreadi said it will announc further deregul measur , but ha given no timet . it is also consid sell off loss-mak state compani . conabl said the bank would tri to help indonesia find fund to cover it share of develop project , which otherwis would have to be scrap or postpon . japan 's ex-im bank announc a 900 mln dlr unti credit last month .