sudan reject imf demand for devalu sudan ha reject a demand by the intern monetari fund for a currenc devalu becaus such a move would have a neg impact on it economi , the offici sudan news agenc ( suna ) report . financ minist beshir omer , quot by suna , said hi govern also reject an imf demand to lift state subsidi on basic consum good . suna , monitor by the british broadcast corpor , said omer made the remark after a meet in khartoum yesterday with imf envoy abdel-shakour shaalan . sudan , burden by a foreign debt of 10.6 billion dlr , is some 500 mln dlr in arrear to the imf , which declar it inelig for fresh loan in februari last year . in februari 1985 , sudan announc a 48 pct devalu of it pound against the dollar , adjust the offici exchang rate to 2.5 pound to the u.s. currenc . sinc then , it ha resist pressur from main creditor for more currenc adjust , argu that past devalu had fail to boost export but rais local consum price . sudan also ha an incent rate of four pound to the dollar for foreign visitor and remitt by expatri worker . dealer in khartoum 's thrive black market said the dollar wa sold at 5.5 pound today . with stringent import regul and the govern increasingli short of foreign currenc , black market dollar are use to financ smuggl import from neighbour countri , mainli egypt , kenya , ethiopia and zair . western diplomat in khartoum say the meet between imf and sudanes govern offici do not amount to formal talk , but rather an effort by the imf to monitor sudan' econom perform . the diplomat said sudan hope a plan four-year econom recoveri program would be accept to the imf as a seriou attempt to tackl the countri 's econom troubl and persuad it gulf arab creditor to pay the imf arrear . thi , they said , could provid sudan with a clean bill of health from the imf that it could take to western govern creditor , group inform in the so-cal pari club , to reschedul debt payment . twenty-thre pct of sudan 's total foreign debt is owe to member of the pari club , the diplomat said . sudan 's financ minist said last month the countri 's imf repres had told him the fund 's execut board wa `` veri pleas with the 18.5 mln dlr arrear we have paid in the past coupl of month . '' the repres , omer said , said imf manag director michel camdessu said he would ask saudi arabia , to which sudan owe about 1.4 billion dlr , to help khartoum to pay more . sudan ha an annual debt liabil of nearli 900 mln dlr but set asid onli some 200 mln dlr to servic debt in the fiscal year end next june 30 .