dollar expect to fall despit intervent central bank intervent in the foreign exchang market succeed in staunch the dollar' loss today , but senior dealer here believ the u.s. currenc is head for a further retreat . although the intervent wa widespread , dealer perceiv that the six major industri nation have differ level of commit to their recent accord to stabil currenc . moreov , hard econom realiti hold greater sway over the currenc market than central bank intervent and these argu for a further dollar declin , dealer said . `` the market can be bigger than the central bank . and econom fundament will alway come to the fore , '' said a dealer at one major u.s. bank . as the dollar drop to post-world war ii low against the yen today foreign exchang trader said the bank of japan , feder reserv board and bank of england interven in the market on behalf of the u.s. currenc . report of the author ' action help the dollar recov to about 149.45 yen in new york thi afternoon from the post-war low of 148.20 yen in the far east . but it still fail to regain monday 's u.s. close level of 150.00/05 yen . tokyo dealer said the bank of japan bought one to 1.5 billion dlr in tokyo today and may also have purchas dollar yesterday in the u.s. via the feder reserv . meanwhil , there were strong rumor in new york that the fed also bought a modest amount of dollar around 148.50 yen today . talk also circul that the bank of england purchas a small amount of dollar for yen . the fed 's last confirm intervent wa on januari 28 when it bought 50 mln dlr in coordin with the bank of japan . but on march 11 the fed also wa rumor to have signal displeasur with a dollar surg abov 1.87 mark . the author ' action appear to back up the februari 22 pari pact between the u.s. , japan , west germani , britain , franc and canada under which the nation agre to cooper to foster exchang rate stabil around prevail level . but foreign exchang dealer were not overli impress by the author ' intervent which they said can onli soften extrem move in the market . for one thing , some dealer believ that the fed' purchas were done on behalf of the bank of japan rather than for the u.s. central bank 's own account , suggest a rather watered-down american commit to the currenc accord . the bank of england 's action also wa thought to be complet on behalf of the japanes central bank , reinforc the market 's view that japan is the most resolut of the six nation in it support of the currenc pact . `` no-on doubt the bank of japan is seriou . but the other two central bank seem to be make more token gestur than anyth els , '' said chri bourdain of bankamerica corp. `` i 'm not convinc the intervent wa concert , '' said earl johnson of harri trust and save bank in chicago . `` it 's a yen problem more than anyth els . '' some dealer said a rise wave of trade protectionist sentiment in the u.s. limit the extent to which the american author can endors a stronger dollar against the yen . `` the dollar 's break below the key 150 yen level tie the treasuri 's hand behind it back . the u.s. can not interven on it own account becaus of the strength of protection here , '' said albert soria of swiss bank corp. such comment reflect the view that the currenc market are becom increasingli politic . despit offici denial , some trader still feel the u.s. would counten a lower dollar to help trim the nation 's trade deficit . the major of the 170 billion dlr merchandis trade deficit in 1986 wa with japan . inde u.s. treasuri secretari jame baker 's comment on sunday that the februari currenc pact had not establish dollar target wa read by the market as a signal to sell the u.s. currenc and kick off the latest retreat . `` the dollar still ha more room on the downsid against the yen base on the friction in trade and financi servic . the currenc market is becom veri polit , '' said natsuo okada of sumitomo bank ltd. okada expect the dollar to trade between 148 and 150 yen thi week but see the chanc of a drop to 140 yen by the end of april or earli may . even if west germani and japan succeed in stimul their economi , it may not be enough to solv structur econom imbal in the near futur , dealer said . `` even if japan and west germani do expand thi year , it wo n't be enough to help the trade situat much , '' said bourdain of bankamerica , who also expect the dollar to drop to 148 yen in the next coupl of day .