resort int ' l & lt ; rt.a > receiv takeov offer resort intern inc said it receiv a propo from & lt ; ksz co inc > under which holder of resort class b stock would receiv 140 dlr a share in cash and one share of common stock in a new compani to be form through the takeov . under the offer , resort said holder of it class a share would receiv 15 dlr a share in cash and three share of common stock in the new compani . resort said the offer from ksz call for a merger of resort with ri acquisit co inc , a newli form delawar corpor . resort said that prior to the merger , ri acquisit would be capit with about 100 mln dlr of debt and about 220 mln dlr of equiti . it said 200 mln dlr of the equiti would be in the form of special prefer stock . the ksz offer , resort said , indic that ksz ha a commit from & lt ; m. davi co > to buy all of the special prefer stock . resort said the offer will expir at 1700 est on march 27. it said it ask it invest advisor , bear , stearn and co , to advi it board on the offer . earlier thi month , the estat of jame m. crosbi and certian member of hi famili agr to sell their class b share to new york real estat tycoon donald trump for 135 dlr a share . the estat and famili member hold 78 pct of the 752,297 class b share outstand . trump also agr to pay 135 dlr a share for the remain class b share outstand . resort also ha about 5,680,000 share of outstand class a stock . these share carri one one-hundredth the vote power of the class b share . trump 's offer beat out a rival bid of 135 dlr a share made by pratt hotel corp & lt ; prat > . resort said that under the propo made by ksz , exist class a and class b sharehold would control about 96 pct of the outstand common of the new compani form to acquir resort . resort said the new compani , upon complet of the merger , would hold the 220 mln dlr of debt and that the special prefer stock would immedi be convert into exchang particip prefer of the new compani . thi prefer , resort said , would pay a dividend base on the net cash flow from the new compani 's paradi island oper . a resort spokesman said the ksz offer wa made in a two-pag letter and that resort could not comment on it becau it did not contain enough inform . resort ha ask bear , stern to obtain complet data , he said . the spokesman said resort is not familiar with ksz but that it believ the compani is control by marvin davi , the denver oilman . call to davi were refer to lee solter , who handl public relat for davi . solter , said to be travel , wa not immedi avail for comment . donald trump wa also unavail for comment , as wa a spokesman for the crosbi estat .