u.s. corn acreag seen near record low u.s. corn acreag thi year is like to drop to the lowest level sinc the unsurpass acreag reduct of the 1983 pik year and could rank as one of the lowest corn plant in the unit state in sixti year , agricultur depart offici said . usda releas it offici plant report on march 31. agricultur depart analyst said next week 's figur will like show a sharp drop in acreag to as low as 65 mln acr , down 22 pct from last year 's plant of 83.3 mln acr . assum an 18 mln acr drop in plant , u.s. corn product will also decreas significantli . analyst said 1987 corn product could drop by over one billion bushel to around seven billion bushel . expect signup of up to 90 pct in the 1987 feed grain program , along with 1.9 mln acr enrol in the conserv program , will caus acreag to plummet , depart feedgrain analyst said . `` there 's no question that there will be a sharp decreas in corn acreag , '' one said . `` it 's difficult for ani farmer to not go along with the program thi year . '' soybean acreag is also expect to declin thi year but at a much slower rate of around four pct , usda analyst said . soybean plant could drop to 59 mln acr or below , they said , compar to last year 's level of 61.5 mln acr . if analyst ' unoffici estim prove correct then the drop in u.s. corn acreag will be the largest sinc 1983 when farmer idl 22 mln acr in the payment-in-kind program . farmer plant onli around 60 mln acr of corn in 1983. a sever drought that summer in major produc state caus yield to tumbl and final crop product to total onli 4.2 billion bushel . given normal weather condit thi year , usda analyst said the 1987 corn crop could end up around seven billion bushel , down from last year 's crop of 8.3 billion bushel . `` thi kind of acreag reduct will mean a signific reduct in product , '' an analyst said . a crop of seven billion bushel is close to the annual u.s. corn usag , so surplu stock , while not decreas , would not increas significantli , a specialist said . high produc corn belt state are expect to show the greatest acreag reduct , base upon histor particip in govern program , analyst said . in contrast , soybean acreag is like to be cut the most in margin produc area of the southeast and the western corn belt , a usda soybean analyst said . `` soybean acreag in the eastern corn belt will not budg , '' he said . neither doe he expect ani signific acreag cut in higher-produc delta area . soybean product could drop fraction from last year' 2.0 billion bushel to 1.8 to 1.9 billion , he said . u.s. soybean acreag , after soar to 71.4 mln acr in 1979 from onli 52 mln acr five year prior to that , ha steadili declin in the 1980 's . u.s. corn acreag , with the except of 1983 , ha been in the low to mid 80-mln acr rang for the past 10 year . the highest corn plant report in the 60 year that usda ha kept such record wa in 1932 when farmer plant 113 mln acr and obtain averag yield of 26.5 bushel per acr . last year u.s. farmer obtain record corn yield averag 119.3 bushel per acr . `` we have absolut no troubl produc an eight billion bushel crop on onli 80 mln acr or so , '' an analyst said . corn acreag will probabl level at around 65 mln acr as long as govern program provis remain the same , analyst said . current farmer enrol in the program are requir to set asid 20 pct of their base acreag and then are elig for payment of two dlr per bushel by idl an addit 15 pct of their acreag . `` to get to the pik level of 60 mln acr , we would have to provid more incent , '' an analyst said .