u.s. sugar quota may be eas , congressman say the unit state may soon eas it 1987 sugar import quota of one mln short ton by bring forward to the third quarter some shipment schedul for the fourth quarter of 1987 , jerri huckabi , a lead congressman repres sugar grower told reuter in an interview . huckabi , a louisiana democrat and chairman of the hous subcommitte which deal with the sugar program , indic the eas of the quota might be a way to calm the concern about the impact of the sever cut in u.s. sugar import thi year . `` with import come down from 1.8 mln ( last year ) to one mln , there is legitim concern about the impact on caribbean countri and the philippin , '' huckabi said . by bring forward to the third quarter some import , the quota would effect be eas by about 250,000 ton . huckabi said by simpli bring forward to the third quarter of the year sugar import schedul for the septemb to decemb period `` we could get away without have to increas the quota . '' he note that some in the sugar industri believ an increas in the quota is justifi . earlier thi month , repres of u.s. cane sugar refin met with u.s. agricultur depart offici to request a quota increas of at least 200,000 ton . the refin said the increas is need becaus the quota is so restrict there could be some spot shortag of sugar in the u. later thi year , a refin spokesman said . howev , the offici slaid the usda repli onli that it would consid the request . follow the refin ' request , repres of the florida sugarcan produc met with usda to express opposit to ani quota expans , industri sourc said . the statement by huckabi , who as a repres from a sugar grow district in louisiana is a lead architect of the current sugar program , indic at least some grower offici are concern enough to support an eas of the import quota , industri offici said . ani final decis on eas the quota must be made by the reagan administr 's interag sugar polici group . ask about possibl quota chang , a usda offici said `` as far as i know , chang the quota volum or the quota year is not under activ consider . ''