merger , public offer seen among car dealer automobil dealership have becom larg , multi-stor oper , and the largest sell more than 1 billion dlr a year worth of vehicl a year . around the auto industri there is talk of merger and buyout among dealership , and there are rumor that the largest are consid offer share to the public , analyst say . retail car sale `` are at a point of transit . there 's not much that 's off the tabl in term of creativ think '' about way to sell car , say david cole , analyst with the univers of michigan 's transport research institut . the retail car market is `` much more freeform now '' than it wa in 1956 , the year thing began to chang , say detroit analyst arvid jauppi of arvid jauppi and associ . thirti year ago , in 1956 , the situat wa differ . dealership sold one kind of car -- a `` chevi '' or a ford or a studebak . the averag dealer had 17 employe and sold 738,000 dlr worth of vehicl , accord to the nation automobil dealer associ . that year a tini car from oversea -- germani 's volkswagen beatl -- began to gain popular . the `` bug '' caus `` a rebellion '' among dealer , who demand greater freedom from restrict place on them by the major american automak , say jauppi . one of the most visibl chang in retail car sale ha been in the size of dealership , auto analyst say . last year , the averag dealership had 11.2 mln dlr in sale -- a 15-fold increas from 1956 -- and employ 34 worker . `` i had one of these guy tell me he make six , seven mln dlr a year and did n't know what to do with all hi money , '' say cole . `` there 's a whole lot more rich guy who sell car than that make car , '' he say . with the increas in size , larg dealer have been buy up other dealership , and auto analyst see few sign the trend will let up . donald keithley , vice presid , dealer servic , for j.d . power , a california-bas market research firm , say that , by 1990 , 12,000 peopl will own dealership compar to 16,800 princip owner today . mani dealer are experi with own sever franchis , some of which might compet against each other . `` it use to be a chevrolet dealer wa a chevrolet dealer . now a chevrolet dealer might handl sever line , '' jauppi say . as dealer get bigger , industri offici are talk about the possibl that some of them might becom publicly-own or open intern oper . offer share to the public is an option larg dealer , `` are obvious think of veri serious , '' say cole . although some say the franchis system might get in the way of a public offer , jauppi say there are few obstacl to trade in car dealer share . `` dealer are larg enough now to go public . the onli thing the manufactur care about is that the dealer sell those car . it could happen ani time , '' jauppi say . `` if you look at the whole merger mania , and look at the scale some of these dealer , it 's go to be veri hard to resist take them public , '' said anoth analyst . and jauppi say that dealership can be expect to becom intern . `` we 're go to have intern dealer -- dealer network that are worldwid , '' he say . u.s. dealer will be attract particularli to europ , where the market will expand faster than the u.s. , he say . `` it 's not total off the wall , '' say cole .