middl east currenc market see key chang middl east currenc dealer meet in abu dhabi thi weekend at a time of fundament chang in their busi , which ha seen a grow volum of trade shift from the arab world to london . the 14th congress of the inter-arab cambist associ also come at a time when the prospect of a unifi gulf currenc system is more real that at ani time thi decad . foreign exchang trader and bank treasur said these issu , and the slide of the leban pound , can be expect to be major talk point . about 250 trader and treasur from some 115 bank -- includ some in london and other major non-arab financ centr -- are expect to attend the confer which begin on on saturday . banker said it is hard to avoid the impress that a grow proport of transact in the saudi riyal market , by far the largest in the region , is be carri out in london . the market had been domin by saudi arabia 's 11 bank , foreign exchang hou in the kingdom and offshor bank in bahrain . but banker said more and more saudi and bahrain-ba bank are boost their treasuri oper in london . as recess hit the middl east and the need for trade financ in the region declin , mani offshor bank in bahrain ran down their currenc oper . none of the four major u.k. clear bank now ha a deal room on the island . the two major bahrain-ba intern bank , & lt ; arab bank corp > and & lt ; gulf intern bank bsc > have increa their presenc in london and saudi bank are busi upgrad repr offic to branch statu to allow deal . one economist said : `` it is cheaper to run a riyal book in london than staff an expen offshor oper in bahrain ... there is now the nucleu of a two-way market in london . `` jeddah-ba & lt ; riyad bank > set up as a licen deposit taker in london in 1984 , while it main rival in saudi arabia , & lt ; nation commerci bank > ( ncb ) won a licenc in novemb 1986. the major market maker ha tradit been london-ba consortium bank & lt ; saudi intern bank > but the kingdom joint-ventur & lt ; saudi american bank > ( samba ) also upgrad it london oper to deposit taker statu in mid-februari . one senior currenc trader in riyadh said : `` inevit the volum of busi in london ha gain pace with the two new licenc for ncb and samba , but there is no question that most of the liquid still rest in saudi arabia . `` currenc trader said the shift to london in the saudi riyal market is difficult to quantifi . bahrain monetari agenc figur show region currenc deposit held by offshor bank , most in saudi riyal , drop to the equiv of 12.2 billion dlr at end-septemb 1986 from 13.4 billion at end-1985 and a 1983 peak of 15.0 billion . the shift ha prompt chang in deal habit . riyal trade in the gulf on saturday and sunday ha becom veri quiet with london close while some saudi and bahrain bank now staff offic on friday , the gulf weekend . trader also expect & lt ; arab nation bank > to step up london oper . trader say it is difficult to fores the riyal market move complet out of the region , partli becau of local demand and partli becau of what is seen as the saudi arabian monetari agenc 's ( sama ) desir to moder internationali of the riyal and protect it from undu specul . there have been far fewer sign of the kuwaiti dinar market shift from it natur base of kuwait and trade in bahrain and london is still limit . but for the first time sinc the format of the six nation gulf cooper council ( gcc ) in 1981 there are sign that a much moot currenc union could come into forc soon . currenc trader said it remain unclear what form a final currenc union would take for the six state -- saudi arabia , kuwait , bahrain , oman , qatar and the unit arab emir . but plan to link the six currenc in a european monetari system style with a common peg have been discuss at high level and could be a topic on the gcc 's annual summit expect to be held in saudi arabia late in the year . one dealer said : `` a lot of exposur is be given to discuss and plan appear to be quit advanc . but in the end a polit deci ha to be taken to give the go-ahead . `` one open question is that of a common peg for currenc . the idea of link the six currenc ha been debat sinc the start of the gcc . the kuwaiti dinar is current link to a basket of currenc while the other five currenc are either offici or in practic link to the u.s. dollar . some trader said a currenc union could mean specul against the saudi riyal rub off on other gulf currenc , but plan call for a permit diverg in the system of 7-1/4 pct , larg enough to avoid sudden strain . anoth topic for debat is expect to be the continu slide of the leban pound against the dollar and the undermin of the effect capit base of leban bank .