mix asian reaction to new rubber pact govern of major asian produc countri have welcom the conclus of a new intern natur rubber agreement ( inra ) , but grower and trader are unhappi with the develop , accord to view poll by reuter correspond . offici in malaysia , indonesia and thailand , which produc the bulk of the world 's rubber , said they expect the new pact to continu to stabilis price and help their rubber industri remain viabl in the long-term . but trader and grower said they were against the new pact becaus it buffer stock mechan wa like to interefer with free market forc and prevent sharp rubber price rise . the new inra , to replac the current one which expir on octob 22 , wa formal adopt by most of the world' produc and consum in geneva last friday . it will be open for signatur at the u.n. headquart in new york from may 1 to decemb 31 thi year and will enter into forc provision when ratifi by countri account for 75 pct of world rubber export and 75 pct of world import . malaysian primari industri minist lim keng yaik said the formal adopt of a new pact had dispel fear of liquid of some 360,000 tonn of inra buffer stock rubber and a possibl depress of price . he express confid that the new inra would continu to keep price stabl by sell or buy rubber as price rose or fell through it buffer stock system . malaysia wa also happi that in the new inra financ of purchas for the normal buffer stock of 400,000 tonn and a conting buffer stock of 150,000 tonn would be done through direct cash contribut from member , he said . under the exist pact , member can borrow from bank to financ inra 's buffer stock purchas . thi ha been view with concern by some member who fear the inra may becom indebt and ultim face collaps , like the intern tin agreement . `` thi will ensur the buffer stock oper is carri out without ani financi encumbr , '' lim said . malaysia , the world 's largest produc , wa seek cabinet approv to join the new inra and hope other produc and consum would also becom member , he said . offici in jakarta said the new pact would bring benefit to indonesia 's rubber industri 's by stabilis price . it wa unlik to collaps like the tin agreement becaus it new financi provis had been tighten , they said . thai offici told reuter they were optimist the new pact wa viabl becaus it strictli limit the extent of debt the inra buffer stock manag might commit to hi market oper . malaysian grower , howev , said they prefer a free rubber market becaus an inra had a tendenc to keep price at level that were onli accept to consum . `` with the inra 's abil to keep price at a certain stabl level , consum are assur of rubber at almost a fix price , while produc may never see sharp price rise , '' a malaysian rubber produc council sourc told reuter . produc also want a free rubber market without the overhang of a 360,000 tonn inra buffer stock which had psycholog prevent price rise , he said . state plantat offici in sri lanka said price had been depress sinc inra 's incept and the creation of a buffer stock , and they seem unlik to rise . sri lanka should not be a member of the inra becaus it wa expens to maintain a buffer stock , they ad . trader in the region , meanwhil , said price might be pressur by the new pact in the long term as it potenti to stabilis price and buffer stock capac would spur produc to produc more . most malaysian and singapor trader said the new pact' conclus had littl impact on price and it wa unlik to allow sharp price fluctuat in futur . `` the 360,000 tonn in the inra buffer stock must be liquid and a free market return , '' a malaysian trader said . japanes trader said the new pact had a chanc for success as most world produc and consum had adopt it , but they question the abil of some financially-strap produc to financ buffer stock oper .