energy/u . . oil output energi secretari john herrington ha propo sever way to boost u.s. oil product , but he said all would cost the treasuri money and will come under close white hou scrutini befor action is taken . one measur he said he favor would rai the deplet allow to 27.5 pct on new oil and ga product as well as product use enhanc extract method . herrington said such a plan would cost 200 mln dlr a year . the white hou , react , said it did not favor amend the tax code , but would look at the propo . herrington 's propo to spur product were made along with the relea last week of the energi depart 's report on energi and the nation secur . the report said u.s. oil import , rapidli rise , could hit 50 pct by the mid 1990 and have potenti damag implic for nation secur . he ha said sinc in speech and at news confer that ani plan he would back to spur lag domest oil product would have to meet three criteria -- increa product , not cau econom disloc , and be low cost to the taxpay . herrington said an import fee would meet the first test , spur product but fail the second and third . he said it would rai product and return 120,000 oil worker to their job , but at the same time it lift oil price , the higher price would cost 400,000 job nationwid and cut the gross nation product by 32 billion dlr . a tax on gasolin , he said , would fail the first criteria by not increa domest product . in ani case , u.s. offici say , presid reagan remain firmli oppo to an import fee and a gasolin tax . option which meet herrington 's criteria includ : - loan-pric guarant to shield bank from default by borrow becau of lower oil price . it wa estim that if oil fell to five dlr a barrel it could trigger default that could cost the govern an estim 15 billion dlr . - a five pct tax credit for explor and develop . it would rai oil and ga product the equiv of 325,000 barrel a day , at a cost of 740 mln dlr a year . - a five pct credit onli for geolog and geophi expenditur . it would increa product by 80,000 barrel a day , at a cost of 65 mln dlr . - lower bid minimum on outer contin shelf acreag to spur explor . a drop from the present 150 dlr per acr for the typic 5,760 acr tract to 25 dlr per acr would lower the cost of the standard tract lea to 144,000 dlr . herrington also press anew for exist administr propo to deregul natur ga , which he said would cut the need for import oil by 300,000 barrel daili . he also call again for congress approv to explor off the contin shelf , which may hold more than 12 billion barrel of oil , and the arctic nation wildlif refug , which may hold nine billion barrel . herrington said he understood the reagan 's reluct to amend the newli enact tax code to fund some of these propo , but ad he hope hi depart 's energy/secur studi would make a strong case for the need to help the struggl domest oil industri . anoth move herrington said he will press anew , even though it had been reject earlier by the white hou , is to rai the fill-rat for the strateg petroleum reserv to 100,000 barrel a day from it plan 1988 rate of 35,000. thi , he said , would further bolster nation secur in case of an oil-suppli disrupt .