u.s. sugar polici may self-destruct , congressman a lead u.s. farm-stat congressman , jerri huckabi , d-la . , warn he will press next year for legisl to control domest product of sweeten , perhap includ corn sweeten , if the industri fail to voluntarili halt output increa thi year . `` we 're move toward a direct where we could self-destruct ( the u.s. sugar program ) , `` rep. huckabi , chairman of the hou agricultur subcommitt deal with sugar issu , told reuter in an interview . huckabi , who told u.s. sugarbeet grower earlier thi year they must halt product increa , said he will deliv the same messag to louisiana sugarcan grower friday . he also said he will soon talk with corn refin on the subject . huckabi said the campaign to urg a halt to domest sweeten output increa is an effort to forest further cut in the sugar import quota , now at one mln short ton . `` i think if we 're talk about drop ( the quota ) anoth half mln ton , let say , you 're get to the point where the program might not work , `` he said . `` ideal , i 'd like to freez thing right where we are , `` said huckabi , lead advoc for sugar grower in congress . a freez would mean domest sugar product at about the current level of 6.5 mln ton , the corn sweeten share of the u.s. market stay at just over 50 pct , and u. sugar import hold at about 1.2 mln ton , huckabi said . a deci on whether to seek legisl will not be made until 1987 output number are known late thi year , he said . `` i feel like if we did n't expand product , we could probabl hold where we are indefinit , or at least through the 1985 farm bill without ani chang ( in the sugar program ) , `` huckabi said . howev , much depend on whether high-fructo corn syrup produc continu to expand their share of the u.s. sweeten market from just over 50 pct , huckabi said . he note most estim are that corn sweeten will captur at most onli anoth 10 pct of the sweeten market in the u.s. but he said if there were an econom breakthrough in the product of a new crystallin corn sweeten which further expand the corn sweeten share , then u.s. sugar import might be elimin and u.s. sugar output sever reduc . huckabi said he will deliv thi messag to corn refin compani such as a.e . staley and archer daniel midland soon . `` thi program is advantag to the corn user . they have some natur , legitim self-interest in see that the program is preserv , `` huckabi said . huckabi said he ha ask sugar industri repr to think about how domest output could be control , either through product alloc , acreag or market control . huckabi also said he would be seek guidanc from the justic depart to determin if it would be legal to ask corn refin to limit product . `` i do n't know if we will go thi rout , but if we do there 's a question in my mind at thi point in time ; can you do that legal ? `` he said . ask if he would proceed with product control without the support of corn refin , huckabi said `` you build a fragil hou if you do it that way . `` huckabi said he understand whi u.s. cane and beet farmer have expand product , becau high sugar price support mean return from sugar are higher than compet crop such as soybean and grain . but he said for sugar grower as a whole , expan would not be good polici . huckabi said he ha tri to stress , in hi speech to sugar industri group , that if grower continu to expand , they may be penal retroact under ani product control legisl pass next year . huckabi said congress is unlik to approv ani chang in the sugar program thi year despit a reagan administr propo to drastic slash the program . `` the administr propo is so drastic , that i do n't think it will get up a head of steam , `` huckabi said . he said even a more moder propo to reduc sugar price support is unlik to be approv . instead of seek to slash the domest sugar program , huckabi said the reagan administr should file a complaint with the gener agreement on tariff and trade against the european commun 's sugar polici . he said ec polici are the major cau of the depress world sugar market .