hk hotel soar on takeov specul the price of hongkong and shanghai hotel ltd & lt ; shlh.hk > 's stock soar on specul of a takeov battl between major sharehold the kadoori famili and the evergo industri enterpri ltd & lt ; evgh.hk > group , stock broker said . they note heavi buy in hk hotel share after an announc by evergo 's & lt ; china entertain and land invest co ltd > unit that it bought about 20 pct of hk hotel from the firm 's deputi chairman david liang for 1.06 billion dlr . the stock rose 12 h.k . dlr to 62 dlr today . thoma lau , evergo 's execut director , declin comment on whether the group is seek a further stake in hk hotel . but he told reuter the group will hold the 20 pct stake bought from liang as long term invest . he said evergo `` wa attract by the underli strength of hk hotel . `` analyst said evergo may be look for a possibl redevelop of the peninsula hotel , one of asia 's best known hotel , and anoth site on hong kong island . both are own by hk hotel . & lt ; lai sun garment co ltd > yesterday said it acquir a 10 pct stake in hk hotel from liang for 530 mln dlr . lau deni ani link between china entertain and lai sun on their acquisit of the hk hotel stake . `` it is pure coincid , `` he said . but analyst were not so certain , say that the evergo group , which ha a reput as a corpor raider , may team up with lai sun garment for a takeov . lau also deni ani contact with the kadoori famili , which analyst estim ha more than 20 pct of hk hotel . michael kadoori is chairman of hk hotel . lau said two repr of evergo will be nomin to the hk hotel board . a sourc close to the kadoori famili said the famili ha not consid ani countermov so far . analyst said it would be difficult for evergo and the kadoori famili to cooper becau of differ manag style . `` evergo may want to split up the hotel manag and properti develop of hk hotel but that strategi may not fit the conserv kadoori famili , `` said an analyst who ask not to be name . anoth analyst note the price of hk hotel had been distort by the takeov talk becau it net asset valu is onli worth about 50 dlr a share . the offer by evergo and lai sun were for 53 dlr a share , though that is well below the current trade price . trade wa suspend today in share of lai sun , evergo , china entertain and the group 's associ & lt ; chine estat ltd > . chine estat lost 25 cent to 20.15 dlr yesterday , china entertain five to 8.60 dlr and evergo one to 74 cent . lai sun gain 50 cent to 70.50 dlr .