lower u.s. soybean loan idea sharpli critic u.s. soybean lobbyist and congress aid critic a propo from a senior agricultur depart offici that congress allow the u.s. soybean loan level to be offici lower to 4.56 dlr per bushel next year . `` i do n't know who in congress would propo that happen . polit it would be total unaccept , `` an aid to a senior farm-stat senat said . usda undersecretari daniel amstutz said thi week that congress should give usda author to keep the soybean loan at it current effect rate of 4.56 dlr per bushel rather than increa it to it minimum allow level of 4.77 dlr . `` i 'm convinc that congress will not go along with thi , `` american soybean associ presid dave haggard said . amstutz told report follow a senat hear that if the soybean loan rate were 4.56 dlr , usda could then consid way to make u.s. soybean more competit . hi comment were seen as possibl indic what the the administr 's posit is in the debat over what should be done to make soybean competit and at the same time protect soybean farmer ' incom . use soybean specif certif to further buydown the loan rate or implement of a market loan have been point to as the most effect way to get soybean price competit . usda secretari richard lyng , howev , continu to maintain hi opposit to a market loan , say such a move would be too costli . `` there will be alot of other option that will be consid befor congress look at that one ( the amstutz propo , `` said bill o'conn , aid to rep. edward madigan ( r-ill ) , rank minor leader of the agricultur committ . `` anybodi repr larg group of soybean produc would not be veri excit about support a lower soybean loan , `` o'conn said . congress may veri like look at the soybean loan and decid that they can not increa it from it current 5.02 dlr basic rate , but that there ha to be someth mandat to increa soybean 's competit , david grave , aid to sen. thad cochran ( r-miss ) said . cochran , a staunch support of a soybean market loan , would support a soybean loan of 5.02 or 4.77 dlr with a certif buydown , grave said .