kansa citi & lt ; ksu > readi to buy southern pacif kansa citi southern industri inc said it is readi to promptli purchas the southern pacif transport co from santa fe southern pacif corp & lt ; sfx > if the interst commerc commiss reject sant fe 's attempt to reopen the merger of southern and the atchison , tokepa and santa fe railway . in a file with the icc late today , the compani outlin four condit of it offer to acquir southern pacif . among the condit are that santa fe enter into an agreement to indemnifi kansa citi for ani contig liabilit of southern pacif exist as of the close date , and that the financi condit of southern remain larg unchang from today onward . `` we are will , even eager , to make a fair market valu offer in cash for the southern pacif , '' said kansa citi southern presid and chief execut offic landon h. rowland . `` thi offer disprov the constant derog of the sourthern pacif by sfsp manag , best exemplifi by sfsp chief execut john schmidt 's comment in icc hear that the southern pacif wa 'bankrupt , ' '' said rowland . he said that merg southern with kansa citi will achiev the benefit of an end-to-end merger while presev the independec of the southern pacif versu it exist prime competitor , santa fe . kansa said that southern 's manag had estim the valu of the railroad in 1983 in the rang of 281 mln dlr to 1.2 billion dlr . it said that morgan stanley and co inc and salomon brother inc , hire in 1983 to advis southern and santa fe in their merger , apprais southern as worth between 500 mln dlr and 800 mln dlr less than southern 's own intern valuat . kanasa citi southern said it will make an offer for southern after it book , record and properti are examin . `` onc that examin ha been complet ( and even in the absenc of a willingn of sfsp to negoti ) kcsi will make an offer in write .... '' said the compani . kansa also said it argu in the icc file that santa fe had not met the legal requir justifi the commission' reconsider of the propos merger of santa fe and southern pacif , two railroad that it said basic parallel each other throughout their rout . icc vote four to one last summer to reject the merger as inher anticompetit . kansa said santa fe in petit for reconsider now argu that the trackag agreement with the union pacif , the denver and rio grand western and other railroad , add to the valu of the merger .