cost of pik certif to be eye by congress congress , eager to find budget save , launch a review of the u.s. agricultur department' gener commod certif program tomorrow , amid sign usda and the gener account offic , gao , are at odd over how much the program ha cost u.s. taxpay . the gao conclud in a preliminari report last week that payment-in-kind , or pik , certif cost between five and 20 pct more than cash outlay , administr offici who ask not to be identifi said . usda offici , howev , took issu with the report , say it did not take into account storag , handl and transport save that accru to the govern . the gao then decid to re-examin the cost , sourc said . the issu is an import one , becaus congression budget committe are known to be consid limit the use of certif as a mean of cut spend . agricultur under secretari daniel amstutz and gao senior associ director brian crowley are set to testifi befor the senat agricultur committe tomorrow . amstutz is expect to tell the committe that there are uncertainti in determin the cost of certif compar to cash outlay , and that save to the commod credit corp , ccc , almost equal cost , depart sourc said . usda estim that it cost the govern about 75 cent to store , handl and transport each bushel of commod put in govern storag . it wa unclear whether the gao , congress ' investig arm , would stick by it origin analysi that it cost the govern more to use certif instead of cash in farm price and incom support program , reagan administr sourc said . the gao is expect to point out that use of payment-in-kind , pik , certif ha help reliev tight storag by move grain that otherwis might not have been sold . the testimoni by amstutz and gao senior associ director brian crowley come as congression budget committe intensifi their effort to pinpoint way to cut the feder budget deficit -- includ consid limit on the use of pik certif . the ccc issu dollar-denomin pik certif , or cert , as a partial substitut for direct cash outlay to farmer or cash subsidi to export . cert can be use to repay nonrecours loan or exchang for ccc commod or cash . between april and decemb 1986 , ccc issu 3.8 billion dlr worth of certif , accord to usda . up to anoth 6.7 billion dlr worth could be issu between januari and august 1987 , accord to usda . cert can cost the govern more than cash primarili becaus recipi can use the certif to pay back govern loan at level below the loan rate . elimin thi practic , call `` pik and roll , '' would save the govern 1.4 billion dlr between 1988-92 , accord to the congression budget offic , cbo . that estim , accord to a cbo offici , wa base on an assumpt that certif cost the govern about 15 pct more than cash payment . the senat and hous budget committe are known to be consid curb on pik-and-rol transact among other save altern . the gao last week reach the tent conclus that the estim three billion dlr of certif redeem to date have cost the feder govern between 150 mln and 600 mln dlr , or between five and 20 pct , more than cash outlay , one administr offici said . howev , the gao ha decid to reassess those estim base in part on usda critic , depart offici said . the broad rang of the cost estim is partli attribut to the differ effect certif can have on market price over the cours of a crop year . usda 's econom research servic , for exampl , ha found that between june and august last year , the 215 mln bushel of corn exchang for certif lower the price of corn by between 35 and 45 cent per bushel . between septemb and novemb , howev , certif had onli a margin impact on corn price , accord to the er studi , obtain by reuter .