bp to offer 7.4 billion dlr for standard share british petroleum co plc & lt ; bp.l > said it intend to make a tender offer for the 45 pct of standard oil co & lt ; srd.n > it doe not alreadi own at 70 dlr a share cash , for a total of 7.4 billion if the offer is fulli accept . the offer would be made through it & lt ; bp north america inc > unit and wa intend to commenc not later than april 1. the offer would not be condit on ani minimum number of share be tender . bp said in a statement the 70 dlr a share price wa base on it own valuat as well as those of it financ advi . it took into account review of both public and non-publ inform . standard close in new york last night at 64-7/8 dlr , down 1-3/4 dlr . bp share drop on the announc to 877p from 888p at last night 's close . about a third of the cash payabl would be met from bp ' own resourc . the remaind would come from new borrow , partli from bank under a four-year commit revolv credit facil and partli from a a new u.s. dlr commerci paper programm . the compani said it wa in the cour of arrang these facil . bp chairman sir peter walter said that the group ' invest in standard wa it largest singl asset . full ownership would enabl invest and oper deci to be made without the limit of a minor interest . bp also believ the acquisit repr the optimum use of it financ resourc . it wa confid oil price were like to remain within a rang suffici to justifi the invest . walter ad that it also felt that , due to manag chang in 1986 , standard could now oper success even in a lower oil price environ . standard 's net asset at end-1986 were 7.02 billion dlr and in the year it report a loss of 1.08 billion dlr befor tax and befor an extraordinari item of 608 mln dlr . analyst said that the move by bp had come as a surpri . one note that it wa not immedi clear whi the group should spend so much money buy a compani it alreadi control . bp could also have bought up the remaind of standard share consid cheaper had it move six month ago . it wa also unclear what effect the tender would have on the u.k. govern 's recent announc that it intend to dispo of it remain 31.7 pct stake in bp sometim in the 1987/88 financ year , analyst said . analyst paul sped of broker kleinwort grieveson note that ani effect on the govern sale of it stake in bp would depend on the reaction of the market . the deal would probabl push bp 's gear up to around 59 pct from 20 pct current , he said . howev , with the likelihood that oil price would not repeat last year 's rapid drop the prospect for standard return to profit thi year -- and bp benefit from it cash flow -- were good . standard wa a high cost oil produc , the analyst note . sped note that it need about 12 dlr a barrel to make money , and at about 15 dlr a barrel revenu from product and it downstream activ would push it comfort into surplu . bp initi took a stake in standard follow the discoveri of oil in alaska 's prudho bay in 1969. bp had inadequ distribut facil in the u.s. while standard , which wa strong on market and refin , wa short on crude oil . the analyst said that bp had promot a major manag reorgani of standard in the past year . the probabl that much of the shake-up at standard wa now complet wa one possibl factor behind the time of the tender offer , sped said . bp 's will to take hard deci such as major balanc sheet write off and the sale of asset had been well receiv in the market . the lower cost that should now be possibl -- especi after the rationali of the loss make miner divi -- should allow the benefit of an oil price recoveri to come straight through to 1987 profit without be cut back by other sector .