japan beef price support cut will not rai demand japan 's plan to cut beef interv price for the fiscal year start april 1 will not boost demand becau of strict suppli control and a complex distribut system , japan and u.s. industri sourc said . `` govern beef polici protect farmer rather than meet consum ' demand and the cutback ... is too margin , `` a housew associ of japan offici said . despit mount u.s. pressur on japan to open farm market , beef is strictli control by the govern , which maintain a price stabili zone to protect farmer . under the plan , expect to be announc thi month , the standard or bottom price of castrat wagyu -- known as marbl beef -- will be set at 1,370 yen per kilo for 1987/88 against 1,400 now , and the ceil at 1,780 yen against 1,820. the standard price of other beef , mainli produc from dairi steer , is set at 1,020 yen against 1,090 and the ceil at 1,325 against 1,420. ministri offici said the semi-govern livestock industri promot corp ( lipc ) conduct buffer stock oper to help keep wholes beef price within the interv price zone . the lipc is allow to import most beef , with the amount set by the govern under a quota system . when wholes price go abov the ceil , the lipc relea it beef stock , both domest and import , and buy local produc beef when price are below . but the lipc ha often been critici for relea beef stock when the price are higher than the ceil . phillip seng , asian director of the u.s. meat export feder , told reuter the two pct cut in price is a step toward close the gap with european commun price , about half those in japan . but seng said the cut will not benefit consum or u.s. meat export becau of japan 's rigid and complic distribut system and strict suppli control by the lipc . the housew associ offici said retail beef price are high mainli becau of distribut problem and high product cost , as well as poor oper by the lipc . american meat packer see japan as a promi market . f.c . beatti , of u.s. packer john morrel and co , told the japan time beef cut , which sell for 1.20 to 3.00 dlr a pound in the u.s. , are sold at 15 to 30 dlr in japan . but seng said the cut will not benefit consum or u.s. meat export becau of japan 's rigid and complic distribut system and strict suppli control by the lipc . the housew associ offici said retail beef price are high mainli becau of distribut problem and high product cost , as well as poor oper by the lipc . american meat packer see japan as a promi market . f.c . beatti , of u.s. packer john morrel and co , told the japan time beef cut , which sell for 1.20 to 3.00 dlr a pound in the u.s. , are sold at 15 to 30 dlr in japan . but industri sourc said it is unclear how much demand will pick up if retail beef price drop follow ani sharp reduct in interv price . u.s. agricultur secretari richard lyng said thi week he will ask japan to remov all beef import restrict when he visit here next month . in 1984 , japan decid to increa it beef import quota by 9,000 tonn a year until march 31 , 1988. in 1987/88 , the quota will rise to 177,000 tonn from 168,000 in 1986/87 , ministri offici said , ad japan want to keep self-suffici in beef at around 70 pct .