monetari author said to lose credibl the monetari author of the major industriali countri lost their credibl thi week as the dollar wa sold off despit plea from minist and widespread central bank interv , dealer said . the dollar 's fall below 150 yen , which follow last month ' pari currenc stabili agreement by the u.s. , japan , west germani , britain , franc and canada , is a dramat rever of the success of the group of five ( g-5 ) 1985 new york plaza meet to weaken the dollar , they said . the g-5 and the market agr in 1985 that the dollar wa overvalu but thi time the market and the author are on differ side , dealer said . appar confu in the rank of the g-5 nation ha encourag the market to challeng the author despit concert interv by the central bank of the unit state , japan , britain and west germani , they said . plea by japan financ minist kiichi miyazawa for action to stabili the dollar were match over the weekend by comment by u.s. treasuri secretari jame baker that there wa no target zone for the dollar . the dollar wa sold anyway . yesterday 's comment by baker that he stood by the pari accord did noth to rever sentiment , dealer said . the interv , back by remark by fed chairman paul volcker and japan central bank governor satoshi sumita , which a few month ago would have brought the dollar fall to a halt , ha done littl but slow the rate of it declin , they note . the situat ha again rai the question of whether interv can succeed against the trend in today 's huge currenc market . dealer said the market 's cool respon to interv reflect a basic oversuppli of dollar . `` thi mean that the current dollar sell is not of a sheer specul natur but back by real demand , `` said koichi miyazaki , deputi gener manag at sanwa bank . dealer said the dollar will remain weak despit the interv and it is onli a matter of time befor some oper tri to push it below 148 yen . the dollar close in tokyo today at 149.40 against new york 's 149.30/40 . it record low wa 148.40 in tokyo last tuesday . dealer said the dollar will gain onli temporari support to rise abov 150 yen toward earli april when the group of seven industri nation meet to discuss currenc again . the market expect the seven nation ( the pari six plu itali ) to tri to agr on anoth way to stabili currenc apart from interv , a chief dealer at a u.s. bank said . dealer said they were unsur what other method could be use and they are sceptic anyway about how long the pari accord nation , particulari the u.s. , will remain will to prevent a further dollar fall given the continu high u.s. trade deficit , especi with japan . further pressur from a protectionist u.s. congress for a lower dollar is also limit washington 's option , they said . the market now think the central bank action is to slow the dollar fall , not to push it back over 150 yen , said tadahiko nashimoto , manag at long term credit bank of japan . anoth bearish factor for the dollar is expect larg forward dollar sale from april to june for export bill fall due for japan export from april to septemb . the export had delay in expect of a further yen depreci , dealer said . yesterday 's request to 30 trade hou by the ministri of intern trade and industri to restrict dollar sale look ineffect in light of thi real demand , they said . the market is also anticip activ institut dollar sale to hedg currenc risk on bond hold from the new busi year start april 1 , dealer said . `` the market seem to have establish a new dollar trade rang between 147 and 149 yen , `` one dealer said . the dollar trade between 151 and 153 yen after the pari accord on februari 22 and 150 yen wa then consid the low end for the dollar against the yen , he said . some dealer now believ that if the dollar fall below 148 yen , it will pick up renew downward momentum and slide to 145 .