u.k. trade figur buoy hope of interest rate cut the releas of u.k. februari trade data show that the current account surplu wa a provision 376 mln stg , up from a 73 mln surplu in januari , ha boost hope of an earli cut in interest rate , analyst said . market forecast had been for a wors outcom , with expect of a deficit in visibl trade averag about 750 mln stg , against the offici figur of 224 mln stg , sharpli narrow than januari 's 527 mln deficit . `` the figur are unreservedli good , '' chase manhattan secur economist andrew wroblewski said . sterl rebound on the trade figur , revers a weaker morn trend , to stand at 72.1 pct of it trade weight index against a basket of currenc at midday , unchang from yesterday 's close but 0.3 point abov the 1100 gmt level . the market had fear that a deterior non-oil trade pattern would undermin intern support for sterl , which ha been the motor behind the recent fall in u.k. interest rate . money market sourc said the market had begun to doubt that a wide expect drop in bank base lend rate to 9.5 pct from the present 10.0 pct wa realli on the card . but sentiment now look to have turn about again . there now look to be no danger that the chancellor of the exchequ nigel lawson 's forecast of a 1987 current account deficit of 2.5 billion stg will be exceed , wroblewski said . season adjust figur show import rose in februari to 7.16 billion stg from 6.73 billion in januari . export rose to a record 6.93 billion from 6.20 billion . howev , chri tinker , u.k. analyst at broker phillip and drew said the faster rise in export than import would prove partli aberr in come month . he forecast the chancellor 's budget tax cut would increas consum expenditur on import good . howev , warburg secur economist ian harwood said hi firm wa sharpli revis it 1987 current account deficit forecast in the light of the latest data , cut one billion stg off the expect full year total to about 1.75 billion stg . he said news of strong growth in export of non-oil good confirm recent bullish survey among member of the confeder of british industri . the growth in import appear to be flatten , even if januari 's bad weather had curb consum spend on oversea good and import-intens stock build among manufactur , harwood said . u.k. govern bond , or gilt , surg by more than 1/2 point on the better-than-expect news , as earlier worri about the figur evapor . sterl peak at a high of 1.6075 dlr , befor settl to a steadi 1.6050 about 1300 gmt , nearli a cent higher than the european low of 1.5960. howev , analyst note that the turnabout in market sentiment still look highli vulner to polit news . morn weak in sterl and the gilt market wa larg attribut to a newspap opinion poll show that the conserv govern 's support wa slip . london , march 26 - the bank of england said it provid 15 mln stg in assist to the money market thi morn , buy bank bill in band two at 9-13/16 pct . earlier the bank revis it money market liquid forecast from a flat posit to a deficit of around 350 mln stg .