iwc say effect of lower support price limit effort by govern to control wheat surplus by cut support price have met with onli partial success , the intern wheat council ( iwc ) say in it latest monthli report . faster result could be achiev by a polici of reduc both price and area , as employ in the unit state , the iwc say in a survey of support price in the five main wheat export - argentina , australia , canada , the ec and the u.s. in some countri , for exampl australia and argentina , which are highli depend on wheat shipment for export incom , there may be problem in reduc product . a polici of cut wheat product could lead to unemploy , with job prospect outsid agricultur limit . altern crop may offer inferior return which could then lead to lost export revenu and balanc of payment problem . the iwc outlin three cours of action open to govern in wheat export countri . they could continu to support price in the hope that when the world economi improv demand for wheat will rise and surplus wil be reduc or elimin . altern , support could be limit to wheat which could be easili sold , without need to be store for a long period . thi option may prove to be the most polit unattract and would result in mani produc abandon wheat product , the report said . the third option would be for govern to distinguish between the commerci and social aspect of agricultur , possibl vari support price accord to farm size or overal product . the iwc review cover support price in the major export countri sinc 1982. at some time dure that period all the produc cut support price in respons to grow surplus . these chang did not alway result in lower export subsidi as on sever occas currenc fluctuat more than offset lower price in the domest currenc . for exampl between 1985/86 and 1986/87 the ec intervent price for bread wheat fell from 209.30 to 179.44 european currenc unit ( ecu ) . it dollar term , the currenc in which most export transact are denomin , the intervent price howev rose to 193 dlr from 168. the high cost of support farm price ha put a strain on nation exchequ and some govern are now search for way to cut expenditur , the report say . the proport of world wheat output produc by the five major export declin in the period cover by the survey from 40 pct in 1982 to 35 pct in 1987. thi wa partli due to increas product in china and india . the period saw an upward trend in yield , although thi wa counter in the argentina , the u.s. and australia by lower acreag . in argentina a reduct in the sown area of about 20 per cent wa put down to low price caus produc to switch to other enterpris , particularli livestock while lower u.s. acreag are attribut to offici incent .