u.k. trade figur buoy hope of interest rate cut the relea of u.k. februari trade data show that the current account surplu wa a provis 376 mln stg , up from a 73 mln surplu in januari , ha boost hope of an earli cut in interest rate , analyst said . market forecast had been for a wor outcom , with expect of a deficit in visibl trade averag about 750 mln stg , against the offici figur of 224 mln stg , sharpli narrow than januari 's 527 mln deficit . `` the figur are unreservedli good , `` chase manhattan secur economist andrew wroblewski said . sterl rebound on the trade figur , rever a weaker morn trend , to stand at 72.1 pct of it trade weight index against a basket of currenc at midday , unchang from yesterday 's close but 0.3 point abov the 1100 gmt level . the market had fear that a deterior non-oil trade pattern would undermin intern support for sterl , which ha been the motor behind the recent fall in u.k. interest rate . money market sourc said the market had begun to doubt that a wide expect drop in bank base lend rate to 9.5 pct from the present 10.0 pct wa realli on the card . but sentiment now look to have turn about again . there now look to be no danger that the chancellor of the exchequ nigel lawson 's forecast of a 1987 current account deficit of 2.5 billion stg will be exceed , said wroblewski . season adjust figur show that import rose in februari to 7.16 billion stg from 6.73 billion in januari . export rose to a record 6.93 billion from 6.20 billion . howev , chri tinker , u.k. analyst at broker phillip and drew said that the faster rise in export than import would prove partli aberr in come month . he forecast the chancellor 's budget tax cut would increa consum expeditur on import good . howev , ian harwood , economist at warburg secur , said hi firm wa sharpli revi it 1987 current account deficit forecast in the light of the latest data , cut one billion stg off the expect full year total to about 1.75 billion stg . he said news of strong growth in export of non-oil good confirm recent bullish survey among member of the confed of british industri . the growth in import appear to be flatten , even if januari 's bad weather had curb consum spend on oversea good and import-inten stock build among manufactur , harwood said . u.k. govern bond , or gilt , surg by more than 1/2 point on the better-than-expect news , as earlier worri about the figur evapor . sterl peak at a high of 1.6075 dlr , befor settl to a steadi 1.6050 dlr about 1300 gmt , nearli a cent higher than the european low of 1.5960. howev , analyst note that the turnabout in market sentiment still look highli vulner to polit news . morn weak in sterl and the gilt market wa larg attribut to a newspap opinion poll show that the conserv govern 's support wa slip . the marplan poll , publish in `` today , `` show conserv support had fallen to 36 pct , from 38 pct last month , while the allianc of liber and social democrat had ralli to 31 pct , from 21 pct , to run neck and neck with the labour parti , whose own support fell from 38 pct . the poll wa taken after the budget , which wa greet enthusiast by financ market but seem to have left the voter indiff , polit observ said . anoth regular poll is due tomorrow , and eonomist warn that today 's improv sentiment could be dent if support for prime minist margaret thatcher slip again . thi upset of the market ' polit percept , which are all but discount a conserv victori in the upcom gener elect , made them more sensit to the trade data , harwood said . `` the news did come as a veri , veri substanti relief , `` he said . howev , on the interest rate front , economist caution that lawson might be wari of leav sterl vulner by encourag anoth base rate fall . they note lawson had alreadi got an inflation-reduc cut in mortgag rate in respon to lower base rate , so domest polit reason for lower rate have been curtail .