dutch grain levi test case to start in april a larg dutch anim feed compound will begin formal legal proceed earli next month as a test case on the way the ec grain co-respon levi is appli , a spokesman for dutch grain and feed trade associ , het comit , told reuter . het comit ha been co-ordin nation action against alleg distort cau by currenc factor in the levi and , sinc decemb , ha lodg more than 80 individu case with the busi appeal court in the hagu . the basic complaint is that the levi doe not take account of currenc cross-rat of exchang and therefor compound in countri with strong currenc may have to pay more in their own currenc than is paid to them by produc in anoth countri . het comit ha obtain a temporari agreement that compani can pay the amount they receiv toward the levi rather than pay a full guilder amount to the dutch grain commod board . the spokesman said het comit will provid financ and legal back to the test case in the busi administr court in the hagu . oral proceed are to begin on april 10. the spokesman said het comit final select the compani for the test case from among the 80 lodg `` becau the bill ( the firm ) receiv from the commod board for payment of the levi contain signif currenc distort and involv grain from a wide varieti of origin . `` the name of the compani is not be made public . the administr court is not expect to make a final rule on the case in the near futur . the het comit spokesman said it wa veri like it would refer question to the appeal court in luxembourg , and `` as a result it could easili be anoth nine to 12 month befor the matter is final resolv . `` meanwhil , the action by dutch anim feed compound are put pressur on the commod board to urg the dutch govern to follow through on earlier statement and seek a complet review in brussel of the way in which the levi is collect , the spokesman said . het comit , as a member of fefac , the associ of european anim feed manufactur , is also a parti to action protest the whole levi in the luxembourg appeal court .