dollar/yen intervent respond to pressur the bank of franc interven to buy small amount of dollar and sell yen in pari today to stabilis the exchang rate agre at last month 's meet of financ minist of the group of five and canada , foreign exchang dealer said . but they said recent central bank intervent in the foreign exchang market appear to be a limit reaction to temporari pressur rather than a major defenc oper . a bank of franc spokesman declin all comment but sourc close to the central bank said it had also interven yesterday . dealer said the earlier intervent wa in concert with the bundesbank and bank of japan . the sourc said the french central bank could have been in the market again today in two-way oper , not necessarili on it own account , but to counter short-term pressur aris from the end of the japanes financi year on march 31. one major french bank said it bought between five and 15 mln dlr for the central bank and sold yen at 149.28 to the dollar . anoth bank said it had been ask by the bank of franc to say it wa in the market , a departur from the central bank 's usual insist on confidenti . but other bank said they had seen no sign of intervent , which they said appear to be on a veri limit scale . `` even if 10 bank were buy five to 15 mln dlr , you would still be talk of a small overal amount , '' said one dealer . recent intervent by the bank of japan appear mainli to have been requir to meet year-end window dress demand for yen . `` thi is a specif short term phenomenon rather than a wider trend , '' the dealer said . oper have been extrem cautiou about test the dollar 's trade rang against the west german mark and japanes yen . these rang were set in februari 's stabilis agreement reach here by u.s. treasuri secretari jame baker and the financ minist of japan , germani , franc , britain and canada . but specul pressur start to build again thi week after baker wa quot on british televis at the weekend as repeat earlier statement that washington had no target for the dollar . baker yesterday move to defus specul he wa talk the dollar down , tell a cabl news network interview and a senat committe he stood by the pari agreement . foreign exchang market had been misread hi comment , he said .