german wage round said to limit monetari option the bundesbank 's option for west germani monetari polici are limit for the forese futur by the delic stage of wage negoti between union and employ , economist and money market dealer said . call money fell in quit activ trade today , drop to 3.40/50 pct from 3.55/65 pct yesterday , and below the 3.50 pct treasuri bill rate as a difficult month-end approach . but dealer and economist said the bundesbank wa unlik to encourag lower rate in the forese futur larg for fear of upset the current wage round . one money market dealer for a major foreign bank said , `` i do n't think the bundesbank want rate to go up whatev happen . but it also doe not want them to fall . abov all it want to wait to see how the union wage round goe . '' in west germani , union and employ prepar the ground for triennial wage negoti base on detail assess of growth and inflat , economist said . ute geipel , economist with citibank ag , said if the bundesbank becam more accommod in monetari polici , rais fear in some quarter of a return in inflat in the medium term , union would be oblig to curtail wage demand . as a result the bundesbank wa concern to make no move that would interfer in the negoti process , geipel said . in the current round , the countri 's most power union , the ig metal repres metalwork and engin , is demand a shorten of the work week to 35 hour from the present 38-1/2 and an accompani five pct increas in wage . the engin employ ' associ , gesamtmetal , is offer to bring in a 38-hour-week from juli 1 , 1988 , and give a two stage wage increas -- a 2.7 pct rise from april 1 thi year and anoth 1.5 pct from juli 1 , 1988. the agreement forg by ig metal -- europ 's largest union , with 2.5 mln member -- and the employ would set the benchmark for settlement in other industri such as the public sector , bank and feder post offic . negoti began in decemb and union are hope they may conclud by earli april , ahead of the tradit holiday period in june . though mani economist said the union ' current warn strike and rhetor were part of the negoti strategi and would not lead to a repeat of 1984 's damag seven-week strike , other said union would not compromis greatli on their posit and there could still be conflict . thi could extend the length of time in which the bundesbank would keep it activ low-key , economist said . the money market head said the union ' humili by the protract financi problem of the neue heimat cooper hous ventur would contribut to union obstinaci . `` the union have n't forgotten that and they will put thi squar onto the account in the negoti , '' he said . in addit , the newly-elect chairman of the ig metal union , franz steinkuehl , wa more radic and determin than hi predecessor han meyer and may be set for a longer battl to achiev the best possibl settlement for hi membership . more than 16,000 engin worker at 45 firm , mainli in south germani , held warn strike last up to two hour yesterday . firm hit includ zahnradfabrik passau gmbh and aerospac group messerschmitt-boelkow-blohm gmbh . today , 28,000 employe from 110 compani came out in warn strike , a statement from ig metal said . money market dealer said that overnight call money rate would rise in the near futur in ani case and did not depend on a politically-inhibit bundesbank . about eight billion mark were come into the market tomorrow from salari payment by the feder govern . as a result , some bank fell back on the bundesbank 's offer to mop up liquid via the sale of three-day treasuri bill , anticip still lower rate befor the month-end . but a pension payment date by bank on behalf of custom wa due on monday , other dealer note . if bank were short of liquid until the bill matur on tuesday , rate could soar , perhap to the 5.50 pct lombard ceil . bank were well stock up with fund , have an averag 52.1 billion mark in bundesbank minimum reserv in the first 24 day of march , well abov the 50.7 billion requir .