swap dealer unveil standard contract the intern swap dealer associ ha develop the first standard form contract for use by arrang of currenc and interest rate swap transact , said thoma jasper , the association' co-chairman . the contract , unveil at a press confer , is expect to make the 300 billion dlr a year swap market more effici , he said . `` the contract wil acceler the process and reduc the expens of swap document , '' japsper said . privat , eurobond trader estim that about 80 pct of all new issu eventu becom part of either an interest rate or currenc swap . an interest rate swap occur when two issuer , usual act through a bank middleman , agre to accept each other' interest payment on debt secur . usual , the issuer of a float rate debt secur swap into fixed-r debt and vice versa . but the oblig for repay of the debt remain with the origin borrow . bank regul have becom concern about the use of swap becaus the middleman , usual a bank , take on some portion of the risk but is not requir to show it on the balanc sheet as a liabil and may not have suffici capit to cushion it . kenneth mccormick , a co-chairman of the isda and presid of kleinwort benson cross financ inc , said the bank of england and the u.s. feder reserv board were expect later today to announc joint propos for set minimum capit standard for counterparti in swap . the standard are part of the recent announc converg agreement between the two countri in which regul have attempt to set similar capit requir for institut . mccormick told report the isda wa concern that a `` level play field '' be maintain in the swap market . he said if u.k. and u.s. bank were requir to hold more primari capit against swap transact than is the current practic , the addit cost would have to be pass on to issuer . the issuer might then choos to do busi with lower-cost bank which are not subject to u.s. or u.k. bank rule . he said the isda had been work on a code of conduct for swap dealer as part of it self-regulatori effort . that code should be complet within the next few week , he said .