australia 's keat chang econom forecast domest demand is now expect to make no contribut to australian econom growth in fiscal 1986/87 , end june 30 , while net export will account for all of the overal increas , treasur paul keat said here . howev , he did not say in hi speech to the econom plan advisori council ( epac ) if the forecast 2.25 pct rise in gross domest product ( gdp ) had been revis . but keat said domest demand could fall slightli thi financi year and net export growth will provid the total sourc of gdp growth . the august budget had forecast domest demand would contribut 0.75 percentag point to non-farm gdp growth of 2.5 pct while net export would account for 1.75 point . keat said the overal impact of the chang econom paramet is welcom as it appear to have contribut to a slightli more rapid correct in the current account deficit than first anticip . `` the govern initi forecast a current account deficit for 1986/87 of 14.75 billion -- our present expect is that the result will be somewhat lower , around 14 billion , '' he said . partial indic releas sinc the last meet of epac in decemb indic that the 1986/87 budget strategi is broadli on track , keat said . `` they indic that domest demand ha been a littl more sluggish than wa expect at budget time , '' he said . `` on the other hand , net export seem to be expand by more than expect at budget time , and thi is underpin growth in domest product and employ . '' keat said it now seem like that the 1986/87 inflat rate will exceed the budget forecast of eight pct . `` nevertheless , there is like to be a mark slow in inflat over come quarter as depreci and budgetari effect wane , '' he said . keat said the govern expect econom growth to pick up moder in 1987/88 due to a further signific rise in net export and a veri moder but posit contribut from privat domest demand . he said domest demand growth will be due to a strengthen in real household dispos incom . the moder rise in econom growth next financi year should be suffici to sustain employ growth at a level broadli equival to that of the current fiscal year . `` the current account deficit will continu to show improv in 1987/88 , '' keat said . `` as the impact of the exchang rate depreci of recent year reced further , and given continu effect wage restraint , inflat should moder markedli in 1987/88 , '' he said .