gulf bond , stock market lag behind , gib say gulf money market have grown reason well dure the past decad , but bond and stock market remain to a larg extent fragment and lag behind , & lt ; gulf intern bank bsc > ( gib ) said . the bank 's economist henri azzam said in a review of gulf capit market that investor have to relinquish tradit invest vehicl such as real estat , foreign currenc bank account and preciou metal . `` greater financi sophist is need coupl with more diversifi capit market instrument and a chang in the disclosur requir on compani account , '' he said . the gib studi review capit market under three categori -- money market , stock and bond market . azzam said gulf state had been make greater use of short-term money market instrument and bank in the region had float variou euronot and underwrit facil . `` nevertheless , bond and stock market remain , to a larg extent , fragment and lag behind , '' he said . most debt in the region is still rais by syndic loan and bank facil and veri few compani had made use of stock or bond issu . onli kuwait ha an offici stock exchang , while other gulf nation have yet to establish exchang . but with dwindl financi surplus in the gulf , govern are activ pursu way to develop capit market and set up domest stock exchang , azzam said . he said recess stem from slide oil price had `` clearli had a neg impact on the develop of capit market in the region . '' in addit , famili firm are reluct to go public , financi awar among investor is still lack and invest analysi and corpor report standard lack depth . a sharp fall in share price in the earli 1980 prompt investor to hold on to share hope for an eventu recoveri . azzam said the absenc of proper commerci law in some gulf countri and author ' appar reluct to adopt financi innov had also hamper capit market . he call for clearli defin law govern incorpor of joint stock compani and the flotat of debt instrument . azzam said capit market instrument should be made avail to all citizen and institut of gulf cooper council ( gcc ) state -- bahrain , kuwait , qatar , oman , saudi arabia and the unit arab emir ( uae ) . some move had been taken in thi direct , with bahrain allow gcc nation to own up to 25 pct of local incorpor compani . azzam said gulf money market had receiv greater depth from the introduct of treasuri bill offer in bahrain and the expans of secur repurchas regul in saudi arabia . but he ad there is `` no bond market to speak of '' in saudi arabia , qatar , oman or the uae , with the last saudi riyal denomin bond issu in 1978. while bahrain plan an offici stock exchang and trade in saudi arabia ha pick up , establish of formal exchang in qatar , oman and the uae doe not appear immin , azzam said .