saudi februari crude output put at 3.5 mln bpd saudi crude oil output last month fell to an averag of 3.5 mln barrel per day ( bpd ) from 3.8 mln bpd in januari , gulf oil sourc said . they said export from the ra tanurah and ju'aymah termin in the gulf fell to an averag 1.9 mln bpd last month from 2.2 mln in januari becaus of lower lift by some custom . but the drop wa much smaller than expect after gulf export ralli in the fourth week of februari to 2.5 mln bpd from 1.2 mln in the third week , the sourc said . the product figur includ neutral zone output but not sale from float storag , which are gener consid part of a countri 's output for opec purpos . saudi arabia ha an opec quota of 4.133 mln bpd under a product restraint scheme approv by the 13-nation group last decemb to back new offici oil price averag 18 dlr a barrel . the sourc said the two-fold jump in export last week appear to be the result of buyer rush to lift februari entitl befor the month-end . last week 's high export level appear to show continu support for offici opec price from saudi arabia 's main crude custom , the four ex-partn of aramco , the sourc said . the four -- exxon corp & lt ; xon > , mobil corp & lt ; mob > , texaco inc & lt ; tx > and chevron corp & lt ; chv > -- sign a long-term agreement last month to buy saudi crude for 17.52 dlr a barrel . howev the sourc said the real test of saudi arabia' abil to sell crude at offici price in a weak market will come thi month , when demand for petroleum product tradit taper off . spot price have fallen in recent week to more than one dlr below opec level . saudi arabian oil minist hisham nazer yesterday reiter the kingdom 's commit to the decemb opec accord and said it would never sell below offici price . the sourc said total saudi refineri throughput fell slightli in februari to an averag 1.1 mln bpd from 1.2 mln in januari becaus of cut at the yanbu and jubail export refineri . they put crude oil export through yanbu at 100,000 bpd last month , compar to zero in januari , while throughput at bahrain 's refineri and neutral zone product remain steadi at around 200,000 bpd each .