wallenberg fight bid for swedish match stake sweden 's wallenberg group fought back a bid by the london-bas swedish financi erik penser to secur a larg stake in swedish match & lt ; smb st > , one of the compani at the core of their busi empir . a statement issu by the wallenberg hold compani ab investor and forvaltn ab providentia said they had taken over an option held by nobel industri sweden ab to acquir 33 pct of the vote right in swedish match . thre wallenberg paid nobel industri & lt ; nobl st > , in which penser group ha a 72 pct stake , about 20 pct over the market price for the swedish match option , the statement said . swedish match 's b share open to foreign buyer close at 424 crown on friday . the a share -- with increas vote right -- close at 450 crown for the restrict and 455 for the free share . the statement said the deal increas investor 's stake to 49.4 pct of the vote right and 14.8 pct of the share capit while providentia is left hold 34.1 pct of the vote right and 14.5 pct of the share capit in swedish match . the wallenberg ' stake in swedish match had previous amount to 52 pct of the vote right in the compani . the swedish match deal will cost the wallenberg about 400 mln crown , share analyst said , make it one of the most expensis move the group ha undertaken in the last four year to defend it far-flung interest from outsid predat . the wallenberg origin sold nobel industri , an arm and chemic group , to penser in 1984 to pay for buy volvo & lt ; volv st > out of two other key group compani , atla copco & lt ; ast st > and stora koppaberg & lt ; skp st > . sinc then , the wallenberg were oust as the largest sharehold in skf ( skfr st > by skanska ab & lt ; skb st > and frederik lundberg wrest control of incent ab from them . lundberg , a zurich-bas swedish properti tycoon , also manag to acquir a 25 pct stake in anoth wallenberg compani , the diari equip firm alfa -laval ab & lt ; alf st > . dure 1986 , the wallenberg have been concentr on build up their stake in investor and providentia to prevent ani raid on the heart of their busi empir . but analyst say the wallenberg ' posit in the electr engin firm asea ab & lt ; asea st > is also too small at 12.6 pct of the vote right and there ha been grow specul that the group will be forc to sell off fring interest to protect it core activ .