coffe trader expect selloff after ico talk fail the failur of the intern coffe organ ( ico ) to reach agreement on coffe export quota could trigger a massiv selloff in london coffe futur of at least 100 stg per tonn today , coffe trade sourc said . price could easili drop to as low as 1.00 dlr or even 80 cent a lb thi year from around 1.25 dlr now , they said . a special meet between import and export countri end in a deadlock late yesterday after eight day of talk over how to set the quota . no further meet to discuss quota wa set , deleg said . quota , the major devic use to stabil price under the intern coffe agreement , were suspend a year ago after price soar follow a damag drought in brazil . with no propect for quota in sight , heavi produc sell initi and a price war among commerci coffe roast compani will ensu , the trade sourc predict . lower price are sure to trickl down to the supermarket shelf thi spring , coffe dealer said . the u.s. and brazil , the largest coffe import and export respect , each laid the blame on the other for the breakdown of the talk . jon rosenbaum , u.s. assist trade repres and deleg to the talk , said in a statement after the council adjourn , `` a major of produc , led by brazil , were not prepar to negoti a new distribut base on object criteria . `` we want to insur that countri receiv export quota base on their abil to suppli the market , instead of their polit influenc in the ico . '' brazilian coffe institut ( ibc ) presid jorio dauster counter , `` negoti fail becaus consum tri to dictat quota , not negoti them . '' previous , quota were determin by histor amount export , which gave brazil a 30 pct share of a global market of about 58 mln 60-kilo bag . a major of produc want quota to continu under thi basic scheme . but most consum and a maverick group of eight produc propos carv up the export market on the basi of export product and stock , which would reduc brazil' share to 28.8 pct . consum deleg said thi method would reflect chang in mani countri ' export capabl and make coffe more readili avail to consum when they need it . a last-minut attempt by colombia , the second largest export , to rescu the talk with a compromis interim propos could not bring the two side togeth . deleg specul brazil 's financi problem , illustr by it recent suspens of interest payment on bank debt , have increas polit pressur on the countri to protect it coffe export earn . develop coffee-produc countri that depend heavili on coffe earn , particularli some african nation and colombia , are like to be hurt the most by the ico 's failur to agre quota , analyst said . the expect drop in price could result in loss of as much as three billion dlr in a year , produc deleg forecast . the ico execut board will meet march 31 , but the full council is not due to meet again until septemb , deleg said .