pari g-6 meet set no target - leigh-pemberton bank of england governor robin leigh-pemberton said the pari pact agre between six lead industrialis nation set no nomin exchang rate target . leigh-pemberton said in oral evid to a select committe that `` we did not swap number - we reach an understand '' on how to cooper toward stabil currenc at around their current level . he said the accord had brought britain into a form of joint currenc float - but one which let it still purs an independ monetari polici . `` i would conced that , sinc the louvr accord , we are act as if we are in someth , '' leigh-pemberton said . `` the louvr and plaza accord show there is a veri effect role for the ( group of ) seven central bank to oper togeth '' toward stabilis exchang rate , '' leigh-pemberton said . he did not mention thi week 's intervent by central bank to support the dollar , after market decid to test the accord . leigh-pemberton said that `` the effect of thi ( cooper ) is actual larger than mani of us had thought in the pre-plaza day '' befor septemb 1985. he did not indic what exchang rate level were broadli sought by the six nation , and note that `` we are more effect in our agreement if we can leav the market guess . '' he did not indic what exchang rate level were broadli sought by the six nation , and note that `` we are more effect in our agreement if we can leav the market guess . '' leigh-pemberton said that , in principl , the bank of england favour full em membership for sterl , provid such a move did not endang u.k. anti-infl monetari polici . ask whether he want to see u.k. interest rate lower , he said `` the two half point cut ( thi month in banks' base lend rate ) have been appropri up until now . '' leigh-pemberton said he prefer a `` cautiou step-by-step approach '' to reduc short term interest rate , not least becaus `` we have a potenti problem with inflat . '' underli u.k. inflat wa current around 4.0 pct , `` one of the highest '' among industrialis nation , he ad . leigh-pemberton said the bank of england had not want base rate to fall befor the unveil of the 1987/88 budget on march 17 , but he said pressur from financi market for such a move had prove irresist . base rate are now at 10 pct . regard sterl 's relationship with oil , leigh-pemberton said that the pound could be seen be undervalu overal . he said the current oil price of some 18 dlr a barrel might suggest a level of 74 on the bank of england 's sterl index , when compar with the index 's level befor oil price drop from around the 30 dlr level . the index , base 1975 , close here today at 72.1 , unchang from the previou close .