usx & lt ; x > say talk end with british petroleum usx corp chairman david roderick said the compani had end talk with british petroleum co plc & lt ; bp > about the possibl sale of some energi asset and said usx ha no immedi restructur plan for it oil busi . `` we have termin our discuss , '' roderick told reuter after a speech to the petroleum equip supplier associ here . he said usx wa not conduct talk with ani other possibl buyer of it energi asset . earlier today , bp said it plan to offer 70 dlr per share for the standard oil co 's & lt ; srd > publicli held stock . usx said in decemb the compani had held formal discuss with bp about the potenti sale of some of it oversea oil asset and usx had receiv express of interest from a half dozen other oil compani . roderick , in respons to a question , said usx had no immedi plan to restructur it marathon oil co , or texa oil and ga corp. he said usx also did not plan to sell ani of it 49 pct interest in the giant yate field in west texa . `` we want to maintain our product in the yate field dure these difficult time , '' roderick ad . in respons to a question , roderick also said he did not know whether australian investor robert holm a court wa accumul usx stock . in recent day , trader have suggest holm a court wa buy addit share . roderick said carl ichan , who termin an eight billion dlr hostil takeov plan for usx in januari , continu to hold a sizabl interest in the compani . `` mr. ichan still appar ha 11.4 pct . he ha n't bought ani more stock or sold ani , '' roderick said . `` he 's a veri satisfi sharehold right now . i talk with him monthli . '' in hi speech , roderick predict the fall in the valu of the dollar would set the stage for the u.s. to solv it trade deficit problem which total 170 billion dlr in 1986 . `` i expect by the earli 1990 the u.s. will be run a net trade surplu , '' roderick said . `` i think the worst is over and we can look forward to stabil and upward movement ahead . '' howev , the usx chairman warn that european trade partner may resist the turn in the u.s. trade deficit . `` some econom discomfort must be transfer from the unit state to our friend , trade partner and alli . ''