bp & lt ; bp > may have to rais bid - analyst british petroleum co plc may have to rais it plan 70 dlr a share tender offer for the publicli trade share of standard oil co & lt ; srd > , analyst said . `` there 's a lot of specul here that someway or other they would be forc to come up with anoth bid , '' said rosario ilaqua of l.f. rothschild . and despit bp manag director david simon 's denial today that bp would rais the offer , the analyst said that remain a distinct possibl . analyst said they base their think on royal dutch/shel group 's & lt ; rd > & lt ; sc > bid to buy the outstand stake of shell oil co in 1984 and 1985. royal dutch/shel eventu rais it initi 55 dlr a share offer to 60 dlr a share , after lawsuit by minor sharehold . `` i think they 're go to have to go a littl higher eventu , just as royal dutch/shel had to go a littl higher for the shell oil minor share , '' bruce lazier of prescott ball and turben said . he estim a price of 75 dlr a share . royal dutch/shel offer 55 dlr a share for the 30.5 pct of shell oil it did not alreadi own in januari of 1984. after object from minor sharehold about the price , royal dutch/shel rais it bid and began a 58 dlr a share tender offer in april 1984. but sharehold su and a court block complet of the offer . after month of wrangl over the worth of shell oil , royal dutch/shel agre to anoth two dlr increas . it end up pay 5.67 billion dlr for the outstand shell oil stake , a signific premium to it origin bid of about 5.2 billion dlr . the analyst made their comment befor simon 's remark at a bp press confer in new york thi afternoon . sanford margosh of shearson lehman brother inc told client thi morn that a sweeten offer wa possibl . the analyst said the bid could be rais by two dlr a share . analyst do not expect regulatori hurdl becaus of the royal dutch/shel group preced . but there may be sharehold lawsuit for the same reason , they said . goldman sach and co , bp 's invest advisor , advis the shell oil board in 1984 and 1985 .