sugar market see good recent offtak report the soviet union ha late extend it recent buy programm by take five to eight raw cargo from the free market at around 30/40 point under new york may futur highlight recent worldwid demand for sugar for a varieti of destin , trader said . the soviet buy follow recent white buy by india , turkey and libya , as well as possibl raw offtak by china . some 300,000 to 400,000 tonn could have chang hand in current activ , which is encourag for a sugar trade which previous saw littl worthwhil end-buy enquiri , they ad . dealer said a larg proport of the sale to the soviet union in the past few day involv japanes oper sell thai origin sugar . price for nearbi shipment thai sugar have tighten consider recent due to good far eastern demand , possibl for sale to the soviet union or to pre-empt ani larg block enquiri by china , they said . thai price for march/may 15 shipment have harden to around 13/14 point under may new york from larger discount previous , they ad . trader said the soviet union might be look to buy more sugar in the near term , possibl toward an overal requir thi year of around two mln tonn . it is probabl that some 1.8 mln tonn have alreadi been taken up , they said . turkey wa report thi week to have bought around 100,000 tonn of white while india had further white purchas of two to three cargo for mar/apr at near 227 dlr a tonn cost and freight and could be seek more . libya wa also a buyer thi week , take two cargo of white which , for an undisclos shipment period , were report price around 229/230 dlr a tonn cost and freight , they ad . futur price react upward to the news of end-buy physic offtak , although much of the enquiri emerg recent when price took an interim technic dip , trader said . pakistan is line up shortli to buy 100,000 tonn of white although trader said the tender , origin schedul for tomorrow , might not take place until a week later . egypt will be seek 20,000 tonn of may arriv white sugar next week , while greec ha call an intern ec tender for 40,000 tonn of white to be held in earli april , for arriv in four equal part in may , june , juli and august .