papandr say greek readi for aggressor greek prime minist andrea papandr said today that the greek arm froce were readi to tackl ani aggressor follow the sail of a turkish research vessel and warship toward disput water in the aegean sea . papandr told an emerg cabinet meet in athen `` the militari readi of our countri is abl now to give a veri hard lesson if our neighbour ( turkey ) were to carri out militari action . '' he said the activ of the research vessel could be aim at partit the aegean . `` the air forc , navi and armi are in a state of alert , '' gener guven ergenc , secretari gener of the turkish gener staff , told a news confer . he said the turkish research ship sismik 1 , escort by an unspecifi number of warship , would sail into disput water in the aegean sea tomorrow morn . ergenc told reuter later that all leav had been cancel for member of the arm forc in the aegean coast area . the turkish govern said yesterday it had licens the state-own turkish petroleum corp to explor for oil in intern water around three greek island off turkey . greec and turkey have long-stand disput over area of the aegean and the presenc of turkish troop in cypru . the latest row erupt when the greek govern said last month that it wa take control of a canadian-l consortium which wa alreadi produc oil off the greek island of thasso and would drill in the same area after the takeov . ergenc told the news confer the alert follow a govern decis that turkey should protect it interest `` becaus of measur greec ha been take in the aegean in violat of intern agreement . '' ask how turkey would react if greec attack ani of the vessel , he said `` if there is an attack , it is clear what ha to be done . an attack on a warship is a caus for war . '' but he ad `` we are not in a state of war . the measur taken by the militari are direct toward protect our right . '' greec said yesterday it would defend it nation right in the aegean and urg turkey to accept refer of the disput to the intern court of justic in the hagu . turkish foreign ministri spokesman yalim eralp told report today thi wa unaccept becaus of precondit athen had attach . in athen , greek prime minist papandr said that if the turkish vessel sismik 1 began research oper `` we will hinder it , of cours not with word , as it can not be stop with word . '' greek newspap said the arm forc were on alert and navi ship had gone to the aegean . but govern spokesman yanni roubati did not confirm the move , say onli `` the greek fleet is not at it naval base . '' papandr said that a map issu in turkey show 95 pct of the area propos for research were on the greek continent shelf . papandr told the u.s. and nato that if they had a part in orchestr the present crisi in order to forc greec to negoti with turkey , the greek govern would not accept it . papandr ha maintain in the past that he will not negoti with ankara until turkey recognis greek right in the aegean and withdraw it troop from cypru . he said that in the case of war with turkey it would not be possibl for greec to discuss the futur of american militari base here . ask by report if he would close the u.s. base in greec in the event of war , papandr repli `` obvious , and perhap even befor the war . ''