cocoa buffer stock compromis gain accept a final compromis propos on cocoa buffer stock rule present by intern cocoa organ , icco , council chairman deni bra kanon is swiftli gain accept by consum and produc member , deleg said . `` we are close , nearer than ever to accept it , but we still have some work to do , '' produc spokesman mama moham of ghana told reuter after a produc ' meet . european commun , ec , deleg said ec consum accept the packag in a morn meet and predict `` no problem '' in get full consum accept . deleg on both side are keen to come to some agreement today , the last day of the fortnight-long council meet , they said . the compromis requir that buffer stock purchas from non-icco member countri can not exceed 15 pct of total buffer stock purchas , deleg said . the non-memb cocoa issu ha been among the most contenti in the rule negoti . the 15 pct figur , up five percentag point from earlier propos , repres a concess to consum , deleg said . they have demand a larger allow for non-memb cocoa in the buffer stock than produc have want . anoth problem area , deleg said , wa the question of price differenti for differ origin of cocoa bought into the buffer stock , by which the buffer stock manag could fairli compar rel price of differ cocoa offer to him . the compromis narrow the rang of differenti between the origin from what previou propos had detail -- a move some deleg describ as `` just fiddl . '' but the adjust may prove signific enough to appeas some countri that were not satisfi with the origin propos differenti assign to them , deleg said . the compromis also state buffer stock purchas on ani day would be limit to 40 pct each in nearbi , intermedi or forward posit , deleg said . if the compromis is accept by the council , most consum and produc want buffer stock rule to take effect next week , or as soon as practic possibl . the full council is schedul to meet around 1500 gmt to discuss the compromis , and could agre on it then if all parti are satisfi , they said . consum are due to meet befor the council .