westinghous & lt ; wx > see higher earn growth westinghous electr corp said earn per share growth will exceed sale growth and will be in the doubl digit rang through 1989. in 1986 , the compani earn 4.42 dlr a share on revenu of 10.7 billion dlr . speak at a meet for secur analyst , dougla danforth , westinghous 's chairman , said the compani 's sale growth target is about 8.5 pct a year for 1988 and 1989 , `` given an econom environ that remain on a moder growth cours . '' he also said the compani will make acquisit , but he did not specifi particular target . paul e. lego , senior execut vice presid told the analyst `` our plan do not call for a multibillion dlr acquisit , even though our balanc sheet can handl one . despit thi disclaim , if we identifi a major acquisit that ha significnt value-cr for westinghous ... we will consid it . '' he said the compani would consid an acquisit candid that is in an area compat with westinghouse' primiari busi . danforth said the corport wa focus in sever key area includ defens electron , financi servic , broadcast , electr product and servic for construct and industri and util market . danforth ad that he expect westinghous 's sale to grow faster than the market the corport serv and `` sure faster than gnp . '' he said earn per share growth is expect to consist exceed the standard and poor 's 500 index and return on equiti will remain in the 18 to 21 pct rang . leo w. yochum , senior execut vice presid for financ , told the analyst `` we will consid buy back stock '' but there are no current plan for such a buyback . yochum said that at the compani 's current level of earn it could comfort maintain higher debt level and that westinghous will use it debt capac to improv sharehold valu . last year , westinghous establish a 790 mln dlr restructur reserv to be use for plant consolod , assett writedown and other item . yochum said , the compani spent 306 mln dlr of that reserv in 1986 and will spend 344 mln dlr of the reserv in 1987. the balanc will be use in 1988. he also said , capit expenditur should be about 400 mln dlr in 1987 .