tokyo bid to stop chip row turn into trade war japan is seek to prevent it comput chip disput with the u.s. from erupt into a full-scal trade war , govern offici said . `` we hope that the disput on thi specif issu wo n't have an advers effect on our overal relationship with the unit state , '' a ministri of intern trade and industri ( miti ) offici said . on friday , washington announc plan for as much as 300 mln dlr in tariff on japanes electron good for tokyo' alleg failur to live up to a bilater comput chip pact . that agreement , reach last year after heat negoti , call on japan to stop sell cut-pric chip in world market and to buy more american-mad semiconductor . foreign ministri offici immedi tri to isol the fall-out from the disput by seek to separ it from prime minist yasuhiro nakason 's plan trip to washington at the end of april . while japan ha alreadi done about all it can to make sure the chip pact is work , the govern is studi measur it can take in other field to defus american anger and ensur the trip 's success , they said . `` the percept of japan in the ( u.s. ) congress is veri bad , '' one offici told reuter . `` we would veri much like to do someth to respond to that . '' in an appar effort to prevent the chip disput from spread to other area , miti offici sought to depict the u.s. action as a sever warn to japanes semiconductor maker , not to the govern . face with a belliger domest chip industri and an angri american congress , the japanes govern ha been forc to walk an increasingli fine line in the semiconductor disput , trade analyst said . they said that it wa an open secret that japan 's largest chip maker , nec corp , wa not happi with what it view as the draconian measur miti wa take to implement the pact , includ enforc product cut . the angri respons of japanes chip maker yesterday to the announc of the u.s. tariff highlight the difficulti the govern face in take further action . `` japanes semiconductor manufactur have compli with the u.s./japan agreement , '' said shoichi saba , chairman of the electron industri associ of japan . he accus the u.s. of be `` irrat . '' he said the u.s. action had made the bilater chip pact `` meaningless . '' saba 's comment contrast with those of prime minist yasuhiro nakason , who said tokyo want to solv the disput through consult . japan is expect to send a high-level offici to washington earli next month to tri to convinc the u.s. not to go ahead with the tariff on april 17. trade analyst say tokyo is like to outlin industri plan to step up purchas of u.s. chip and to propos a joint investig into washington 's alleg of chip dump .