investor group put pressur on gencorp & lt ; gy > an investor partnership , seek to acquir gencorp inc , said it would attempt to unseat the compani 's board of director and take other hostil action if the firm refus to discuss it 2.3 billion dlr takeov bid . gener acquisit co , compris investor wagner and brown and glass-mak afg industri , also reiter it willing to negoti with gencorp . the partnership ha earlier offer 100 dlr per share for gencorp -- a tire , broadcast , plastic and aerospac conglommer . analyst have specul that gencorp , on a break-up basi , could fetch more than 110 to 120 dlr per share . gencorp offici had no comment on gener acquisition' statement but a spokesman reiter an earlier request to sharehold to wait until it board render an opinion befor make a decis on the gener acquisit tender . gencorp said it statement would be made on or befor the compani 's annual meet , schedul for tuesday . gener acquisit made it statement in a letter sent to the gencorp board on friday . the partnership said it wa will to negoti all point of it offer , includ price . the group the board can not fulli carri out it fiduciari duti to gencorp sharehold and make a fulli inform decis about it offer until it ha `` thoroughli explor with us the way in which our offer can be revis to provid greater valu to your sharehold . '' gener acquisit said it is awar the board may be review altern transact which might provid gencorp sharehold with a payment other than cash . `` if that is the case , you should recogn that our addit equiti capit may veri well enabl us to offer cash and secur have greater valu than gencorp could provid in ani similarli structur transact , '' the partnership said . gener acquisit also said it believ that gencorp' board ha an oblig to present ani altern transact it may propos to sharehold in a manner that would allow for compet offer . the partnership request that if ani other propos is under consider that it be given the same inform avail to gencorp 's manag and advis in construct a propos . gener acquisit said that if gencorp agre to accept anoth buyout propos that it also be given an opportun to bid on a competit and fair basi befor ani final decis is made . gener acquisit repeat it request that gencorp remov it `` poison pill '' or sharehold right plan . gener acquisit said if gencorp doe not allow an `` environ for fair competit , '' it will take all step necessari to creat such an enviro . it said it may take legal action or seek the support of sharehold in call a special meet to replac the board and to consid other propos it might develop . gener acquisit also said if the board decid to accept an altern propos it ask that it not accept a plan that would includ defens featur .