econom spotlight - u.s. congress rap japan the u.s. congress is make japan , with it enorm worldwid trade surplu , the symbol of the u.s. trade crisi and the focu of it effort to turn around america 's record trade deficit . `` japan ha come to symbol what we fear most in trade : the challeng to our high technolog industri , the threat of govern nutur competit , and the multitud of barrier to our export , '' senat democrat leader robert byrd said . `` if we can find a way to come to term with japan over trade problem , we can manag our difficulti with other countri , '' the west virginia democrat said at a senat financ committe hear on the trade bill . byrd and hous speaker jim wright , a texa democrat , have made trade legisl a prioriti thi year and a wide-rang bill is be readi for probabl hous approv next month . japan 's bilater trade surplu jump from 12 billion dlr in 1980 to 62 billion dlr last year . it surplu rose to 8.14 billion dlr in februari from 5.7 billion dlr in januari . congress point to the record 169 billion dlr u.s. trade deficit in 1986 and the slow respons in the trade imbal to the dollar 's declin in world currenc market as a reason to press japan to buy more u.s. good . they are particularli dismay by the rapid deterior in u.s. export of sophist comput technolog . in respons to the grow anger and pressur by the u.s. semiconductor industri , presid reagan friday announc he intend to rais tariff as much as 300 mln dlr on japanes electron good in retali for japan 's failur to abid by a 1986 u.s.-japanes semiconductor agreement . congress also ha been been anger by the administration' lack of success with japan on a host of other trade issu includ beef , citru , automobil part , telecommun good , and financi servic . the bulk of the hous trade bill wa written last week in four committe . it is a packag of trade sanction and measur to forc the administr take tough action against foreign trade barrier and unfair competit . although most provis do not singl out japan , in mani case their impact would be to restrict import of japanes product or make them more expens with higher duti . the cornerston of the trade legisl pass the hous way and mean committe by a vote of 34 to 2. it focu is to forc presid reagan to retali against unfair foreign competit and to make it easier for u.s. industri to win temporari relief from surg in import . the most controversi issu , an amend to restrict import if countri such as japan with larg surplus do not buy more u.s. good wa left for an april vote by the hous . rep. richard gephardt , a democrat presidenti aspir from missouri , ha the support of wright and other key democrat to press for passag of the amend . the measur would have the most impact on japan , west germani , taiwan and south korea . if japan , for exampl , doe not reduc it barrier by mid-1988 , the unit state would set import quota or tariff to cut japanes surplu by ten per cent a year for three year . `` i 'm tire of go into compani and have manag say to me , 'we 're not over compet in japan becaus we can't compet in the marketplac . ' that argument need to be taken away from american busi , '' gephardt said . the administr ha said it could not support a trade bill contain such a provis .