u.s. corpor financ - new zealand dlr frn floating-r note denomin in a foreign currenc , a rel new wrinkl on wall street , will probabl be issu infrequ becaus the so-cal `` window of opportun '' open and close quickli , trader say . `` in just two day we had as mani issu . as a result , the market becam glut , '' said one trader . he said the window depend more on suppli than on foreign exchang or interest rate risk , at least for the moment . `` obvious , currenc risk is import . but there is a limit number of investor right now for the paper , '' he said . on thursday , bear , stearn and co sole-manag a 100 mln new zealand dlr offer of three-year floating-r note issu by ford motor credit co , a unit of ford motor co & lt ; f > . the initi rate for the note will be set on april 15 , and quarterli after that , at 200 basi point below the 90-day new zealand bank bill rate . they are non-cal for life . thi follow by a week anoth bear stearns-l offer of the same amount of new zealand dollar note for dow chemic co & lt ; dow > . the initi rate wa also to be initi set on april 15 , and quarterli after that , at 340 basi point below the same 90-day new zealand rate . becaus the dow chemic note carri an interest rate floor of 17 pct , the issu saw strong investor demand , underwrit said . but the ford credit note and friday 's offer of 130 mln new zealand dlr of floating-r note due 1990 issu by gener electr co 's & lt ; ge > gener electr credit corp via prudential-bach secur inc , did not have such a floor . `` obvious , the two firm did not want to issu floater and face the risk of new zealand rate fall sharpli , '' an underwrit away from the syndic said . he and other note that the new zealand 90-day rate wa 27 pct late last week . an underwrit familiar with the dow chemic deal point out that becaus of the interest rate and currenc swap dow did , the issuer felt comfort set a rate floor . domest offer of foreign currenc denomin date first surfac in fall 1985. by use currenc and rate swap , compani can sell debt that pay a high interest rate in a foreign currenc like australian or new zealand dollar . but the issuer actual realiz save on borrow cost . `` i would say that everi compani which issu foreign currenc debt save some basi point when compar to same-matur plain vanilla u.s. issu , '' an analyst said . investor , mainli institut , were attract to the earli issu becaus of the high interest rate . they were will to absorb foreign currenc risk until mid-1986 , when sharp slide post by the australian and new zealand dollar brought such issuanc to a quick halt . it wa not until late last year , after the currenc stabil , that compani again start issu debt denomin in australian and new zealand dollar . but mani investor have still shi away from the debt , rememb the mid-1986 downturn of the australian and new zealand dollar , analyst note . to attract some of those investor back to the fold , underwrit like bear stearn decid to structur the foreign currenc issu as float rate debt , sourc said . thi occur against a backdrop of uncertainti over the cours of u.s. interest rate for the intermedi term , and predict by a number of economist that treasuri yield would rise in the second half of the year , the sourc note . a bear stearn offic said more than half of the ford credit note were sold by late friday afternoon , the second day of offer . `` that is quicker than some recent fixed-r new zealand dollar note issu , '' he said . howev , underwrit away from the bear stearn syndic said the issu may have sold even faster if prudential-bach did not offer the gener electr credit note on friday . they point out that the ford note were rate a-1 by moodi 's investor and aa-minu by standard and poor 's , while the gener electr note , which had the same interest rate term and were also non-cal to matur , carri top-flight aaa rate by both agenc . `` we have sold 20 to 25 pct of the ge note . for first-day sale on a friday afternoon , i 'm happi with the result , '' an offic on prudential-bach 's syndic desk said . investor pay the u.s. dollar equival of the foreign currency-denomin note , underwrit said . invest banker said the next floating-r issu of new zealand or australian dollar-denomin debt is probabl a few week away . `` i would like to underwrit a deal a day . but with the dow , ford and ge offer , the marketplac ha had enough for the time be , '' the prudential-bach offic admit . meanwhil , idd inform servic said the 30-day corpor visibl suppli fell to 3.29 billion dlr last week from 3.98 billion dlr in the previou week .