pari meet agre not to publish band - lawson u.k. chancellor of the exchequ nigel lawson said the meet of six major industri nation in pari last month agre not to publish ani band in connect with their pact to stabilis currenc . question by a parliamentari select committe about whi the particip countri had not announc ani band , lawson repli , `` we all agre it would be much more sensibl not to . '' when ask whether that meant an inform joint currenc float with set rang wa arrang in pari , lawson said `` i do not want to reveal the precis natur of the agreement , so as not to make it easi for '' specul against the accord . lawson said the pari accord presum that individu countri would take correct action if their currenc began react significantli to domest macroeconom factor . but if such movement were due to extran factor , lawson said the other pact countri would come to it aid through concert intervent on the foreign exchang . `` it is clear that both germani and japan are have difficulti adjust to their veri larg exchang rate appreci and make their economi more domest orient , just as it is take time for the unit state to make it own economi more export orient , '' lawson said . in hi oral evid to parliament 's select treasuri committe , lawson repeat that he wa happi with the pound' current level , ad that `` it is an object ... to tri to keep it around that level . '' he said the percept of sterl on foreign exchang had chang sinc the steep drop in oil price , larg becaus the pound had weather that period so success . `` there ha been a reassess of sterl 's fundament , '' lawson said . he disagre with what he term `` the grossli exagger claim '' that real u.k. interest rate were much higher than those of other major industrials countri . use as a refer the key three-month sterl interbank rate as quot in london , lawson said britain now had a real interest rate level of 5.75 pct - the same as japan did and onli a 0.75 percentaag point abov the group of five averag . lawson confirm that `` over the medium and longer term , the govern 's object is zero inflat . '' he said the govern 's intent of it psbr constant at 1.0 pct of gdp `` is the modern equival of the balanc budget doctrin . '' he ad that `` to allow the debt/gdp ratio to remain constant on anyth other than zero inflat basi is simpli a recip for acceler inflat . ''