canada bank could see pressur on brazil loan canada 's major bank will like face stiff pressur to declar their brazilian loan non-perform if , as expect , major u.s. bank take similar action after the end of their first quarter tomorrow , analyst said . american banker said last week that slow progress in debt talk with brazil increas the likelihood that u.s. bank would soon declar their brazilian loan non-perform . such action `` would put a lot of pressur on the canadian bank to do the same , '' levesqu , beaubien inc toronto-bas bank analyst donna pulcin told reuter . `` they ( bank ) like to appear to be conserv , '' said pulcin , `` and if a major bank put loan on a non-perform basi and the canadian bank do n't , there is go to be a lot of pressur from sharehold as to whi one bank is consid the loan non-perform and anoth bank is not . '' wood gundi inc bank analyst patricia meredith said ani willing by a major brazilian bank creditor such as citicorp & lt ; cci > to declar it brazilian loan non-perform rather than let brazil dictat settlement term would provid a compel exampl for other creditor bank . `` in order to make that strategi work , they ( citicorp ) have to have the support of the other bank , '' said meredith . bank analyst michael walsh at first marathon secur ltd said at least one canadian bank , which he declin to identifi , `` want to put ( the brazilian loan ) on a non-perform basi and is tri to encourag the other to take that posit . '' canadian bank are owe about seven billion canadian dlr by brazil , which late last month suspend interest payment on it 68 billion u.s. dlr foreign bank debt . bank in canada , although allow to wait up to 180 day befor declar loan on which they are receiv no interest as non-perform , usual move on such loan within 90 day . they could therefor delay action on the brazilian loan until late may , which fall in canadian bank ' third quarter end juli 31 . & lt ; bank of montreal > , brazil 's largest canadian bank creditor , said last week it wa not current consid declar it 1.98 billion dlr of brazilian loan as non-perform . `` i think that is just for the benefit of the public , '' walsh said of bank of montreal 's statement . some analyst predict minim earn impact on canadian bank from a move to declar the brazilian loan non-perform . they said brazil would like resum interest payment by the bank ' fiscal year-end on octob 31 , thu allow bank to recoup their lost interest incom . `` from what brazil ha said , it is quit like the bank will get the money , '' said meredith . `` my outlook at thi point is optimist that there will be no adjust for the full-year' earn . '' meredith forecast 1987 fulli dilut per share earn of 3.80 dlr for & lt ; royal bank of canada > compar with 3.74 in 1986 ; 4.30 dlr for & lt ; bank of montreal > compar with 3.59 ; 2.25 dlr for & lt ; canadian imperi bank of commerc > compar with 2.23 ; 2.15 dlr for & lt ; bank of nova scotia > compar with 1.94 , and 2.85 dlr for & lt ; toronto dominion bank > against 2.74. she forecast 1.90 dlr for & lt ; nation bank of canada > against 3.30 dlr befor a two for one stock split . analyst pulcin said she might lower full-year earn estim for the bank by between two ct and 10 ct a share , assum a possibl settlement reduc brazil 's interest cost . `` if the bank did n't receiv anyth for the rest of the fiscal year , the impact could rang from 16 ct to 70 ct a share . but i do n't see that as a like scenario , '' pulcin said . walsh at first marathon suggest , howev , that the brazilian debt situat wa so complex that `` it could drag on beyond one full fiscal year . '' he said he foresaw have to lower hi 1987 fiscal earn forecast for the bank . he estim that brazil 's yearli interest payment to canadian bank total about 575 mln dlr or about 10 pct of their total 1986 pre-tax earn .