call money pressur from larg german bank one or two larg west german bank effect drain the domest money market of liquid at the end of the month in order to achiev higher rate from their overnight deposit , money dealer said . as a result , call money soar in activ trade to around the lombard rate of five pct from 3.70/80 pct yesterday as bank found themselv short of minimum reserv fund . bundesbank figur show that bank held an averag daili 51 billion mark in interest-fre minimum reserv asset at the central bank over the first 29 day of the month . though thi wa abov the march requir of 50.7 billion , actual hold at the weekend were 44.2 billion . to meet the daili averag , dealer said , bank must rais hold by two billion mark to 46.3 billion today and tomorrow . but liquid wa tight in earli busi becaus bank excess took up the bundesbank 's offer for sale of treasuri bill on friday . thi provid a rate of 3.50 pct for three-day deposit and is an effect floor to the market . though some liquid , from bill bought on thursday , flow back into the market today , the bulk would not return until tomorrow , the start of the new month , dealer said . dealer said the larg bank , which they did not name , command short-term money requir of as much as five billion mark or so . with a knowledg of their own need until the end of the month , the bank bought excess amount of treasuri bill , drain liquid for three day . when other bank sought fund , rate rose and larg bank were abl to place excess fund on deposit at a consider higher averag return . one senior dealer said the bundesbank , with advanc knowledg of the market 's need , should have curtail it sale of treasuri bill on friday . though dealer onli late in the day learn of the total minimum reserv hold of the previou day , the bundesbank ha an immedi overview of the situat and could anticip the strength of demand for fund the follow day , he said . `` ( bundesbank dealer ) could easili have said we are not sell ani treasuri bill or we 're not sell them in thi amount , '' he said . `` if the bundesbank want to fine steer the market then they should avoid such excess . tomorrow it will be differ . call money will fall back to 4.0 pct or so . '' but the bundesbank would not approv of the sharp jump in rate , given the delic state of currenc market . intern central bank have been at pain to prevent a dollar fall against major currenc , includ the mark . dealer said a rise in call money give the mark a firmer underton , contribut to downward pressur on the dollar . `` the whole tender polici is to have a call money of between three and four pct . in that case the excess as we have today can not be veri popular , '' the senior dealer said . dealer said the larg bank probabl achiev averag rate of return on their excess fund of between 3.75 pct or four pct . thi is a higher return than they would have earn without the excess drain through the treasuri bill mechan . becaus of the currenc situat and the wage negoti between germani 's major employ and the union , the bundesbank would be veri unlik to make ani chang to monetari polici at it council meet on thursday , they said . bundesbank figur show that bank fell back on the lombard emerg fund facil to draw down 1.5 billion mark yesterday as rate began to tighten in late busi .