u.s. sugarbeet plant seen rise in 1987 repres of u.s. sugar grower organ said they expect some increas the area plant to sugarbeet thi year and said the prospect for the 1987 cane sugar crop also are good . dave carter , presid of the u.s. beet sugar associ , said plant may be up in two major beet grow state , california and michigan , while sow could be down slightli in the largest produc state of minnesota . overal , carter predict beet plant would rise in the midwest , and thi coupl with increas in california would increas u.s. sugarbeet plant slightli from the 1.232 mln acr sown last year . usda later today releas it first estim of 1987 u.s. sugarbeet plant in the prospect plant report . the main reason for the expect increas in beet sow is that return from compet crop such as soybean and grain are `` just aw , '' said carter . in the midwest , banker are strongli encourag farmer to plant sugarbeet becaus the u.s. sugar program offer a loan rate of 18 cent per pound and becaus payment to farmer from beet processor are spread evenli over the grow season , said luther markwart , execut vice presid of the american sugarbeet grower associ . `` the bank are put a lot of pressur on these guy , '' markwart said . in some area there are wait list of farmer seek a contract with processor to plant beet , markwart said . usda 's report today will not includ ani harvest area estim for sugarcan , but repres of florida , hawaii and louisiana grower said crop prospect are good . hori godfrey , a consult repres florida and texa cane grower , said florida cane is off to a good start becaus for the first time in sever year there wa no winter freez . although area to be harveste is about the same as last year , cane product may be up in florida thi year , he said . in hawaii , area harvest may declin slightli thi year , but like will be offset again in 1987 by increas yield , said eiler ravnholt , vice presid of the hawaiian sugar planter associ . the acreag plant to sugarbeet will receiv more than the usual amount of attent thi year becaus of mount concern that continu increas in domest sugar product threaten the u.s. sugar program , industri sourc said . the increas in beet plant have especi caus concern among cane grower who have not expand plant , particularli in hawaii , industri offici said . `` we have n't had a good weather year throughout the beet and cane area in more than five year , '' said godfrey , ad that the u.s. may be due for a good weather year . rep. jerri huckabi , d-la. , chairman of the hous agricultur subcommitte respons for the sugar program , ha threaten to offer legisl next year to curb domest sweeten output if grower fail to restrain output in 1987 .