chirac , reagan discuss arm control , trade french prime minist jacqu chirac open talk with presid ronald reagan expect to focu on superpow arm control move and trade issu . french offici said a major aim of chirac 's visit wa to present franc 's concern that the unit state might ignor european secur interest in ani accord with moscow on remov medium-rang nuclear missil from the contin . but reagan wa expect to assur chirac that he will not agre to a deal at the geneva superpow talk that would give the russian superior in shorter-rang system , diplomat said . franc ha express doubt about remov u.s. missil from europ so long as the soviet union maintain an edg in other weaponri , particularli shorter-rang rocket , convent forc and chemic weapon . speak last night , chirac set out the french posit say : `` ani agreement on intermedi nuclear forc should mention how equal can be achiev in short-rang missil . '' reagan and chirac meanwhil sign an agreement end a disput between two lead research institut over patent right to a blood screen test for the deadli diseas aid . in a joint statement , chirac and reagan said the pasteur institut in pari and the nation cancer institut , of bethesda , maryland , agre to give part of the royalti from the test to a new foundat dedic to the wordwid fight against aid ( acquir immun defici syndrom ) . `` thi agreement open a new era in franco-american cooper , allow franc and the unit state to join their effort to control thi terribl diseas in the hope of speed the develop of an aid vaccin and cure , '' reagan said at the sign ceremoni . he said the two parti would share the patent and give 80 per cent of the royalti receiv to the new foundat . the foundat would also rais privat fund and would donat 25 per cent of it money to combat aid in less develop countri . both leader stress the long tie between franc and the unit state dure a welcom ceremoni in the white hous east room , with reagan describ franc as `` america 's oldest alli in war and peac . '' `` i have come to tell you that we are remain motiv by the same ideal of freedom , by the same will to face the danger which we both confront -- terror , war , hunger , poverti , new diseas and drug , '' chirac repli . but the two countri are like to have less to agre on over the issu of trade , where chirac is worri about a rise in protection in the u.s. congress . a senior u.s. offici yesterday dismiss a french idea to sell cut-pric grain to poor countri in africa as a way of lessen surplu stock . chirac is expect to canvass support for the idea , first propos by french agricultur minist francoi guillaum , dure hi two-day visit to washington . the u.s. offici describ the idea as a `` grain producers' opec '' -- a refer to the organ of petroleum export countri -- and said it went against the reagan administr 's desir to lessen govern intervent in trade .