talk point/borg-warn corp & lt ; bor > borg-warn corp will vigor resist gaf corp 's 46-dlr-per-shar takeov offer , but the midwest conglomer may fall prey to anoth offer , either from gaf or it own manag , analyst believ . analyst also said borg-warn may attempt to escap gaf through a restructur . the specul push borg-warner' stock up 1-3/8 to 48-1/2 in heavi trade . analyst predict feisti gaf chairman samuel heyman will stage a tough campaign to gain control of borg-warn so he can add it profit plastic and chemic busi to gaf . `` it seem from at least their deal with ( raider irwin ) jacob that they do n't want to be taken over . the question is now do they acquiesc to gaf . i think instinct , they want to remain independ , '' said dudley heer of duff and phelp . borg-warn ha been under sieg by takeov specul for almost a year . last week , jacob ' invest vehicl , minstar inc , and an investor group sold it 10.1 mln borg-warn share . the same day , gaf corp rais it stake by 9.1 mln share to 19.9 pct of the outstand . jacob wa interest in buy the compani , but took no step toward a transact . `` their ( borg-warn ) polici ha been to stonewal them for the last nine month . it 's been one of the dullest corpor battl i 've seen , '' said one analyst . the battl , howev , ha heat up , and the rang of breakup valu on wall street span from the current market price to almost 60 dlr per share . most analyst said they think a price in the low 50 would be appropri . arbitrag specul that gaf will not give up easili on it 3.16 billion dlr offer to buy the balanc of borg-warn . analyst who know gaf predict heyman will either end up with borg-warn or enrich hi chemic and build materi compani in some other way . heyman two year ago attempt an unsuccess takeov of union carbid corp , but gaf benefit from that compani 's restructur . `` borg warner ca n't quibbl that it 's not a legitim offer . it seem to me the short of it is borg warner is kind of between a rock and a hard place . they either have to accept a 46 dlr propos or perhap work a deal where it 's sweeten . i person think the compani is ( worth ) around 55 dlr per share , '' said persh analyst richard henderson . henderson also specul the compani might attempt a restructur such as the one carri out by goodyear tire and rubber co last year when it wa be court by sir jame goldsmith . the compani bought back the financi 's stock and carri out a wider share repurchas . arbitrag , howev , said they do not believ heyman is seek `` greenmail , '' or the repurchas of hi stock by the compani at a premium . analyst note that heyman seem to have no problem with financ the transact . previous associ with `` junk bond '' expert , drexel burnham lambert inc , gaf said it would financ it borg-warn takeov with bank financ . gaf said it would make a tender offer follow a merger agreement approv by the borg-warn board and condit on the board 's recommend of the tender offer and merger . heyman said in a letter to borg-warn that he expect a merger would provid job secur for borg-warn employe sinc the two compani busi overlap . analyst , howev , believ heyman would sell off asset he did not want to repay debt from the transact . gaf 's stock rose 1-5/8 today , to 48-5/8 . `` i believ , obvious , if gaf take over borg-warn at the level it is propos it would enhanc gaf share valu substanti , '' said oppenheim analyst charl rose . he said at 46 dlr per share , heyman 's averag cost for the compani 's stock would be 44 dlr per share base on gaf' current hold . rose said the borg-warn plastic and chemic busi , which make thermo-plast is the asset attract heyman . analyst said it account for a third of borg 's earn . the plastic are use in telephon equip , offic equip and applianc . `` borg ha half the market in the u.s. and is the lead technic player and the lead innov , '' rose said . it competitor are dow chemic co & lt ; dow > and monsanto corp & lt ; mtc > , he said . borg-warn also ha an automot part busi , and a protect system busi , which includ well fargo secur guard . it also ha an inform servic busi , and is tri to sell it financi servic busi . borg-warn earn 206.1 mln dlr or 2.35 dlr per share on revenu of 3.62 billion dlr in 1986. smaller gaf , in 1986 , earn on an oper basi 80.7 mln dlr or 2.22 dlr per share on sale of 753.8 mln dlr . gaf 's net earn includ an after tax gain of 201.4 mln from it particip in a union carbid exchang offer , a special union carbid dividend , and the sale of it union carbid share .