analyst see slow move to higher u.s. prime rate quarter-point prime rate increas to 7-3/4 pct by citibank and chase manhattan bank today will be follow by other bank onli after they see clearer sign of the feder reserv 's polici intent , economist said . `` base on the spread between bank ' cost of fund and the prime rate , it probabl make sens for other to follow , but no rush is like , '' said paul mcculley of e.f. hutton and co. citibank 's surpris base rate increas , quickli follow by chase , sent u.s. bond price lower and the dollar higher . mcculley said that onc the spread between three-month certif of deposit and the prime rate narrow to less than 1-1/2 percentag point , there is a strong chanc of a prime rate increas . it ha been under 1-1/4 point recent . howev , bank are like to hold rate increas until they see what the fed intend to do about interest rate in the near term , analyst said . they note that bank histor like to follow fed rate movement , rather than lead them . for exampl , the last prime rate increas occur in june 1984 when bank lift the rate to 13 pct from 12-1/2 pct after a fed discount rate increas in april of that year . major bank had been post a 7-1/2 pct prime rate sinc last august 26/27 , when they lower the rate from eight pct shortli after the fed 's half-point discount rate cut to the current 5-1/2 pct level on august 20 . `` the bank will not rush to rais their prime rate . there should be a split prime for a while with some post a 7-1/2 pct rate and other 7-3/4 pct , '' said david jone of aubrey g. lanston and co. jone said the feder open market committe at today' meet vote no chang in fed polici . but he said the fed may well foster higher interest rate soon . jone said that , while the fomc probabl vote no polici chang today , it may have decid to appli slight upward rate pressur later if the dollar weaken , inflat pressur heat up or the economi show sign of strong recoveri . `` the fed clearli indic that they did not intend to tighten polici when they did today 's coupon pass , '' said joseph liro of s.g. warburg and co. in a move that came a day earlier than most expect , the fed today suppli perman reserv to the bank system by offer to buy all matur of treasuri note and bond for it own account . thi season reserv add is call a `` pass . '' `` the fed demonstr that there ha been no polici chang , '' said elizabeth reiner , economist at dean witter reynold inc. she said the spread between bank ' cost of fund and the prime rate is now around 137 basi point compar with a 153 basi point averag in 1986. reiner said the spread is not realli narrow enough to present a clear need for a prime rate increas . the dean witter economist said that today 's prime rate rise `` may have been less a respons to interest rate than an attempt to enhanc the ( balanc sheet ) bottom line . '' reiner said that , given recent problem with loan to develop countri , larg money center bank with heavi exposur might be the first to match the higher prime rate in an effort to get more profit spread on other loan . the feder fund rate at which bank lend overnight money to one anoth could help determin how mani bank match the higher prime rate and also how quickli they move . in rais their prime rate , bank cite a higher cost of fund . in the three busi day through monday , the feder fund rate at which bank lend to one anoth averag nearli 6-1/4 pct . but quarter end pressur help push up fund . the fed fund rate wa extrem volatil today , reflect demand pressur associ with the end of the quarter and the close of the japanes fiscal year . fund trade between five and 6-3/4 pct . onc the special distort end , analyst said the fund rate probabl will return to it recent trade level in the 6-1/8 pct area . they said that , if it stabil near there , bank may not quickli boost their prime rate . but a consist higher fund rate would suggest to mani that the fed wa foster somewhat higher interest rate to help the dollar . then bank would lift prime rate quickli .