econom spotlight - china must preserv farmland `` if we go on use up farmland as we have done sinc 1980 , there will be none left in 20 year to grow grain on . '' xu jinfeng , a middle-ag offici in fengbang villag on the edg of shanghai , sum up the dilemma china face as it tri to feed it more than one billion peopl and at the same time let them get richer by build factori and new home . china ha to feed one quarter of the world 's popul , but onli one seventh of it land is arabl . sharp increas in farm output sinc 1979 turn china into a net grain export for the first time in 1985 , and again in 1986. but the rapid industrialis of the countrysid which ha occur at the same time , ha gobbl up arabl land for factori and home for peasant who can now afford them . offici figur show that china lost just under one pct of it arabl land to other use in 1985 and a slightli smaller amount last year . it gain 26 mln new mouth to feed dure the two year . `` we lost veri littl land prior to 1980 when the industrialis began , '' offici xu said . `` sinc then , nearli all the famili in the counti have built new home and mani factori have gone up . '' `` last year we lost land to a new railway line , '' xu said . but land loss in futur should fall becaus nearli all famili alreadi have new hous , she ad . the issu of land loss is a matter of major concern to the peke leadership , which announc earlier thi month that china will issu nationwid quota for convers of grain land for the first time thi year . `` the present situat of abus , occupi unlaw , wast and destroy land and land resourc is seriou , '' said an articl in the offici press explain the new measur . `` it ha result in great loss of cultiv farmland , '' it said . `` china ha a larg popul and it land resourc are badli defici . '' an offici of the shanghai citi govern said counti author could approv convers of onli 0.3 hectar of arabl land to other use , while anyth more than that must be approv by the citi govern . the peke govern face anoth major obstacl in it effort to ensur china 's peopl get enough grain to eat . the price the state pay to farmer for grain are too low , make it more profit for them to grow other crop . to offset thi , the state offer farmer cheap fertilis and diesel oil and payment in advanc for grain it contract to buy . the state then sell the grain at subsidis price to china 's 200 mln citi resid . rural factori also subsidis grain output , pay farmer bonus to grow it . some offici argu that the simplest solut to the problem would be for the state to rais citi grain price . chen zuyuan , communist parti secretari of a villag in the eastern provinc of zhejiang , said the govern listen too much to the demand of `` selfish citi peopl '' and could rais citi grain price without ani problem . but the govern ha rule out a price rise . `` rais the price of grain would directli conflict with the goal of social stabil , '' said a china daili editori thi month . the shanghai offici said price must be reform over the long term . `` we must be veri care . we have a veri larg popul which is use to price stabil and will object to price rise , '' he said . `` the problem is how to do it . '' the shanghai offici said a rise in grain price might also affect the price of hundr of food product made with grain and consum by citi resid . in addit , the state face the problem of inadequ invest by farmer in land and in grain in particular . the offici press ha report that farmer fear farm polici may chang and they are put their new wealth into build grave , memori hall for ancestor and home . under reform introduc in the late 1970 , farmer sign contract with the state requir them to grow certain crop , but they have consider freedom in how to use their land . `` as the expir date of the 15-year contract is almost at the halfway mark , farmer are begin to worri about the futur , '' the china daili said in an editori last month . their anxieti stem from the fact that they are allow to use the land but not own it . for most of the period of communist rule , the land wa organis into collect where there wa littl room for individu initi . `` new measur are need to reassur them of the consist of govern polici and make them interest in long-term invest , '' the newspap said .