malaysia declin to state posit on cocoa pact govern offici in malaysia , a major cocoa produc , have declin to say whether it will join the intern cocoa agreement ( icca ) for which buffer stock rule were agre in london last week . ministri of primari industri offici said in januari the cabinet would decid on malaysia 's particip , but so far a decis ha not been announc . the govern is said to be in favour of join the pact , but local cocoa grower and trader told reuter they are against the idea becaus certain provis in it may be to their disadvantag . malaysia is the world 's fourth largest cocoa produc . the govern feel that the pact , through it buffer stock mechan , can help stabilis price in a market which is labour under surplus , offici said . but grower and trader are concern malaysia' particip in the pact will requir them to pay a levi for export of cocoa to non-memb countri of the icca . they estim the levi at around 100 ringgit a tonn at current price and said they are not prepar to accept it becaus a big portion of malaysia 's cocoa export , offici estim at 112,000 tonn in 1986 , goe to non-memb . most grower and trader ad they are also against a buffer stock measur under the agreement which requir withhold of cocoa stock when price slump . malaysia , which produc 117,000 tonn of cocoa last year , might be forc to withhold up to 70,000 tonn worth some 30 mln ringgit under such a measur in the long-term , and thi might affect their econom viabil , they said . `` the cost of maintain such a stock can be high and it will be a real messi busi for the govern and the trade if it ever occur , '' an industri sourc said . the grower and trader also said that under new buffer stock rule malaysia can continu to benefit even if it is not a member of the pact , as the buffer stock manag is also allow to buy from non-memb for the stockpil . under the new rule purchas from non-memb , such as malaysia , will be limit to 15 pct of the total stock . malaysia ha come under pressur from some produc to join the pact soon , offici said , but they note that it need not rush to do so as there are provis which allow countri to join the agreement even at a later date .