u.s. suprem court allow delta-western merger u.s. suprem court justic sandra day o'connor earli thi morn lift an appeal court injunct block the plan merger of delta & lt ; dal > airlin inc and western airlin & lt ; wal > , the court said . o'connor 's action came hour after a three-judg panel of the 9th u.s. circuit court of appeal in san francisco had block the merger until a disput over union represent had been settl by arbitr . a suprem court spokesman said o'connor grant a stay of the injuct , allow the merger , worth nearli 860 mln dlr , to go through as plan later today . the suprem court spokesman provid no other detail . each of the nine suprem court justic ha jurisdict over a particular region appel circuit and ha the power to provision overturn it rule without comment . the appeal court rule surpris offici of atlanta-bas delta , which had been prepar for the merger for month and had alreadi paint delta logo on airplan belong to western , which ha headquartera in lo angel . `` our plan were to final the merger at midnight tonight , '' delta spokesman bill berri told the atlanta constitut late last night . `` there wa realli veri littl that remain to be done . '' the rule in san francisco came in a lawsuit that had been file in a lo angel feder court in which the air transport employe union sought to forc western 's manag to fulfil a promis that it would honor union contract if a merger took place . the airlin argu that western 's promis could not be enforc in a takeov by a larger compani . after learn of the appeal court rule , delta offici last night spread the word by telephon that western employe should report for work today in their old uniform , not in new delta outfit . delta announc last septemb that it wa purchas western . the merger took place in decemb , and western ha been oper as a delta subsidiari sinc then . the western name wa to have disappear at midnight last night . at issu is whether the western union would continu to repres western employe after the integr of the two airlin . while all but eight pct of western 's 11,000 employe are union , onli delta 's pilot are union member . delta had maintain that the three union have contract with western -- the associ of flight attend and the teamster , as well as the air transport employe -- would be `` extinguish '' after today .