hog report show more hog on farm the usda quarterli hog and pig report yesterday show more hog on u.s. farm compar to last year as profit result from low grain price encourag produc to step up product , analyst said . most analyst seem to agre with chicago mercantil exchang floor trader that the report will be view as bearish to pork futur and futur price may open sharpli lower today . some trader and analyst expect limit declin in nearbi contract , with spillov sell like in cattl . univers of missouri agronomist glen grime said , '' the report show that hog produc have respond to a veri desir feed ratio that they enjoy for the past 10 month . '' shearson lehman analyst chuck levitt said hog futur price are abov produc ' break even point . even if futur fell the daili limit of 1.50 cent today , produc could still lock in a profit , which increas the likelihood of heavi sell pressur today . `` we have not had a period of profit of thi magnitud sinc last summer , '' levitt said . `` in fact , hog oper on mani mix livestock/grain enterpris have been so profit that it actual enabl some farmer to get back on their feet and refin their loan just base on the hog oper alon . '' levitt said the weight breakdown in the report also wa neg , in that some lead time wa anticip befor the slaughter increas from the previou year . we expect farmer to increas hog oper , but we did n't expect thi degre of expans to show up in a 10-state spring report , levitt ad . high hog corn ratio ( the number of bushel of corn that could be bought for 100 lb of hog ) and the result increas profit , encourag farmer and confin oper to increas product start late last year . analyst also note that part of the increas in the hog herd result from a revis of the decemb report and without the revis , the march report might have been veri close to averag expect . robin fuller of agri analysi said the usda made a major upward revis of 105,000 head in the size of the breed herd in the decemb 1 report . so the decemb report wa more bearish than initi indic . but fuller , as well as other analyst , expect the report to be less neg on defer futur contract . distant contract are alreadi at a sharp discount to cash becaus trader anticip high farrow intent , she note . discount in the octob and decemb contract take into consider a six to seven pct increas in march/may farrow intent , which wa born out in the march 1 report , fuller said . grime said , `` as far as the distant month are concern , if our first quarter pig crop is up onli six pct and under 60 lb inventori actual up onli five pct , it would take a tremend discount in price for each percent increas for us to push down to the price that the current futur show for the juli and august period . '' jerri abbenhau , analyst for age clear note that distant futur price are alreadi 15 to 20 dlr lower than they were last summer . `` if cash hog at the 7-market last year averag 61 dlr dure juli , that doe n't mean hog have to be 15 dlr cheaper thi year becaus we have six pct more number , '' he said .