deutsch bank see slow start to 1987 deutsch bank ag & lt ; dbkg.f > ha seen a slow start to 1987 after post record profit in 1986 , manag board joint spokesman f. wilhelm christian said . credit busi declin in the first few week of the year , and the interest margin wa squeez further . the weak german bours saw earn on commiss fall sharpli , and trade in secur also fell . but earn from currenc deal were still satisfactori , he told a news confer . deutsch group partial oper profit rose to 3.78 billion mark in 1986 from 2.92 billion in 1985 on a balanc sheet of 257.22 billion mark after 237.23 billion . profit were swollen by earn from the placement of the former flick group , which have been estim at some one billion mark , and from record profit in trade on the bank' own account , not includ in partial oper profit . earn from the flick transact were book through a subsidiari , and therefor show up as part of the interest surplu in a section current earn from secur and particip . in the group thi nearli doubl to 2.64 billion mark from 1.45 billion . as usual the bank did not detail total oper profit . but it said that total oper profit , includ own account trade , rose 24.9 pct or 4.5 pct without the flick transact in the group , and 35.1 pct or seven pct in the parent bank . bank analyst said thi put group total oper profit at some 6-1/2 to seven billion mark , and parent bank oper profit at over five billion mark . christian said deutsch use the extraordinari earn from flick to pay a record five mark bonu on top of it unchang 12 mark dividend . the bank had decid against rais the dividend itself becaus of the uncertain busi outlook at the end of 1986 , and develop so far thi year show that wa correct , christian said . west german bank rare rais dividend unless they are sure they can maintain the increas payout in subsequ year , prefer to use bonus for one-of profit . the bank also use it extraordinari earn to continu a high level of risk provis , christian said . disclos group risk provis rose to 867 mln mark in 1986 from 765 mln in 1985. under german law , disclos provis do not necessarili reflect the full amount of risk provis . manag board joint spokesman alfr herrhausen said deutsch 's total debt exposur to problem countri had fallen to over six billion mark in 1986 from 7.4 billion in 1985 becaus of the fall in the dollar . he agre with a question who ask if over two third of such problem countri debt had been written off . deutsch bank post a sharp rise in hold of `` other secur , '' to 4.64 billion mark from 2.71 billion in the parent bank . christian said thi 1.93-billion-mark rise wa partli due to it increas activ in intern share placement , with some share such as those from fiat spa 's intern placement last year remain on it book . herrhausen said that no concret measur were plan to place these share and conclud the origin placement .