mellon & lt ; mel > see larg first-quart loss mellon bank corp said it expect to report a loss for the first quarter in the rang of 55 mln to 65 mln dlr or 2.13 to 2.15 dlr a share . the compani also said it intend to reduc it second quarter common stock dividend to 35 ct a share from 69 ct . mellon said it will make a provis for loan loss in the first quarter of 175 mln dlr , reflect about 95 mln dlr in charge-off and 80 mln dlr in addit to the loan-loss reserv . it will also put 310 mln dlr in brazilian loan on a cash basi , result in interest revers of 10 mln dlr . in the first quarter of 1986 , mellon earn 60.4 mln dlr or 2.13 dlr a share . chairman david barn said the loan charge-off and increas provis address four area of concern in the bank 's wholesal lend portfolio - the energi sector , develop countri , some basic industri compani and sever commerci real estat busi . mellon said the loan loss reserv at the end of the first quarter is estim to be 575 mln dlr , or about 2.5 pct of the loan book , compar with 493.8 mln dlr or 2.17 pct of total loan at the end of 1986. mellon said it primari capit ratio at the end of the first quarter will be in line with the end-1986 figur of 7.23 pct , well in excess of regulatori guidelin . non-perform loan at quarter-end are estim at 1.45 billion dlr , or 6.5 pct of the loan portfolio , compar with 928 mln dlr or 3.94 pct at the end of 1986. barn note that mellon ha a bigger involv in energy-bas lend than mani other bank . becaus of the lack of a substanti recoveri in energi price thi year , especi in natur ga price , it wa felt prudent to increas reserv and take loss on loan in thi sector . `` thi action relat both to loan to compani directli involv in energi , as well as loan to real estat develop , home builder and financi institut in the southwestern unit state , '' barn said . as for ldc loan , he said mellon had remov about 80 mln dlr in fulli current argentin loan from cash basi but had charg off about 20 mln dlr in private-sector mexican debt . he said mellon , which wa order in decemb to quit brazil becaus of it refus to renew some short-term credit line , expect to particip in effort to helpt brazil and other sovereign borrow to reschedul their debt . loan to basic industri were not major contributor to the increas in non-perform asset or to first-quart charg off , but mellon said it remain concern about the absenc of a strong recoveri in steel and relat industri . the increas in reserv , the dividend cut and continu manag cost-cut are aim at ensur that mellon ha the financi strength to deal with current uncertainti , barn said . `` we can not predict when the uncertainti that present troubl us will end , but we are confid we are manag them aggress , '' he ad .