beghin-say not plan to withdraw sugar french sugar produc beghin-say is not current plan to withdraw the sugar it ha place into intervent , despit the except high rebat award at thi week 's european commun ( ec ) sugar tender , beghin-say presid jean-marc vern told reuter . the maximum rebat of 46.864 ecu per 100 kilo on wednesday wa the largest ever grant , accord to trader . vern said he wa satisfi the european commiss ha start to move in the right direct , but said hi compani had no plan to chang it decis to put sugar into intervent . but vern said he hope that in the next few week a final agreement would be reach with the commiss which would allow oper to withdraw the sugar from intervent . european oper offer 854,000 tonn of sugar into intervent to protest about export rebat which they say are too low . over 785,000 tonn of thi sugar wa accept by the commiss on wednesday , accord to commiss sourc . under ec regul , howev , oper have anoth four to five week to withdraw the sugar from intervent befor payment is made for it . a total of 706,470 tonn of french sugar and 79,000 tonn of west german sugar ha been accept into intervent , trade sourc said here . thi amount repres about a third of annual ec export to non-ec countri . beghin-say declin to specifi the amount of sugar it had offer into intervent , but said it wa below 500,000 tonn . produc say they have been lose 2.5 to 3.0 ecu on everi 100 kilo export due to the failur of rebat to fulli bridg the gap between ec and world price . wednesday 's rebat wa 0.87 ecu short of what produc say is need to get an equival price to that for sale into intervent , trader said . vern said oper hope to get a rebat which equat to the full intervent price and said wednesday 's tender wa a step in the right direct . sugar produc here said the volum of sugar authoris for export sinc the begin of the current campaign had been inadequ and that more should be export now to compens . trade sourc said new regul govern export rebat , which are due to be adopt shortli , may smooth the path for the commiss to award larger export rebat in futur . one sourc at a lead french sugar hous said it seem the commiss had understood the protest action and wa now move toward adapt the situat accordingli , therebi allow the oper to withdraw their sugar from intervent onc they got satisfact .