ec minist will discuss strengthen em float european commun financ minist and central banker meet in belgium thi weekend to discuss strengthen europ 's joint currenc float amid continu worri about turbul on foreign exchang . belgian financ minist mark eysken , who will host the inform talk , told reuter the minist and central bank chief would discuss the situat on currenc market in the light of the februari agreement among lead industrialis countri to stabilis exchang rate around present level . in an interview , eysken said he felt the pari accord between the unit state , japan , west germani , franc , britain and canada had prove itself `` more or less workabl . '' but doubt over it effect and durabl have been grow sinc fear of a trade war between the unit state and japan over comput microchip push the dollar to a record low against the surg yen earli thi week . the talk , at the belgian resort of knokk , are be held to coordin the ec 's posit on monetari issu and third world debt ahead of the spring meet of the intern monetari fund and world bank in washington next week . the ec gather begin tonight with a dinner but the main discuss will take place tomorrow . continu intern currenc turbul could undermin plan for reinforc the european monetari system , the joint float hold eight ec currenc within narrow fluctuat band , which will featur high on the weekend agenda . eysken ha repeatedli said that europ need a period of calm on world currenc market , and in particular a more stabl dollar , befor it can set about strengthen the em to make it more resili against exchang rate swing . the em ha been take a batter over the last year as the fall dollar ha sent fund surg into the domin em currenc , the west german mark , forc minist to undertak two major realign of pariti within nine month . in the interview , eysken made clear he wa hope for a wide-rang discuss on the futur of the eight-year-old em on the basi of propos for bolster it drawn up by the ec 's monetari committe and the committe of central bank governor . the committe were ask to come up with the propos after the last reshuffl of em exchang rate in januari . eysken repeat call for the european currenc unit , the fledgl ec currenc at the core of the system , to take over the mark 's domin role in the em - a propos that ha met with a cool respons in west germani . he said ec commiss presid jacqu delor would report to the meet on problem rais by plan to liberalis capit movement fulli within the 12-nation bloc by 1992 , such as the need for harmonis tax and bank control . eysken said liberalis of capit movement without strengthen the em would be an element of destabilis in the commun . he said the crucial issu in the debat wa whether member state were will to push further toward the ec 's goal of monetari integr on the basi of an em that includ manag of exchang rate by some kind of common institut , instead of by nation central bank as at present . plan for the creation of such an institut , foreseen by the em 's found father , have been thwart by the reluct of some countri , notabl west germani , to gove up their sovereignti in the monetari field . em develop ha also been held up by britain 's refus so far to join the system 's core exchang rate mechan .