pakistan not seen as major wheat export pakistan is not emerg as a major wheat export as world market prospect are not good enough , sartaj aziz , special assist on food and agricultur to the pakistani prime minist , said in an interview . no export are plan for the next 12 month or so and plan last year to sell one mln tonn to iran came to noth becaus they could not agre a price , he said . aziz forecast that pakistan may have export surplus of one mln tonn or a half mln tonn over the next few harvest in year when the weather is favour . the govern doe not wish to increas output much abov thi becaus of low world price , and the land would be better use for other crop . aziz said the pakistani govern doe not want area sown to wheat to increas from the current seven mln hectar . some 10 pct of that area which give low yield could be switch to more profit crop such as oilse . the aim is to concentr on rais yield from the current 1.8 to 1.9 tonn per ha to at least 2.5 tonn per ha over the next five to seven year , he said . aziz said the current 1986/87 crop , harvest of which is just begin , is expect to yield around a record 14.5 mln tonn . thi compar with a target of 14.7 mln and last year' yield of 14.0 mln . he said rain some six week ago help the crop but more recent rain reduc prospect slightli . the long-term wheat product target is for some 17 mln tonn by mid-1993 , take into account pakistan 's annual popul growth rate of more than three pct . current consumpt is some 12.5 mln tonn . the current wheat reserv is 2.5 mln tonn , aziz said . thi compar with a minimum reserv commit of one mln tonn , which pakistan will maintain at all cost , and a `` strateg reserv '' target of two mln tonn . despit the fact that stock are a half-mln tonn over target , the surplu will not be export at present , he said . the govern want to keep an extra `` safeti margin '' until it see what effect the abolit of a 44-year-old wheat ration system will have on domest consumpt . new export will be consid onli in about a year 's time when the 1987/88 crop can be gaug as well , he said . the new domest polici , introduc on march 15 , is for the govern to suppli unlimit quantiti of wheat at two rupe per kilo . with other cost thi mean a price in pakistani market of between 2.30 and 2.50 rupe per kilo . under the old system , introduc dure world war two and due to be phase out by april 15 , some 50 mln ration card were issu enabl poor peopl to buy wheat cheapli . aziz said follow the introduct of a govern support price in the 1970 the system becom so corrupt that onli 20 to 25 pct of subsidis wheat wa actual reach the consum , the rest be divert illicitli to the mill . the ration system had also not had the stabilis effect on the intern wheat market that wa intend , aziz said . price have alreadi begun to fall with the introduct of the new system . the wheat price in karachi , the most expens pakistani citi , had drop from 3.11 rupe per kilo on march 1 to 2.85 rupe on march 30. aziz said he doe not expect the chang in system to have a major effect on total consumpt , but it may encourag better use of side-product such as bran .