ec agre on need to strengthen em european commun ( ec ) financ minist and central banker agre on the need for greater cooper to strengthen the european monetari system ( em ) against intern market turbul , offici said . `` there wa a gener will to reinforc the european monetari system , with all that impli , '' belgian financ minist mark eysken said yesterday after host a one-day session of inform talk at thi belgian coastal resort . the gather wa the first such discuss sinc the second major realign of em pariti within nine month in januari . the system ha come under sever strain as fund have flow out of the slump dollar and into the domin em currenc , the west german mark , send it soar against weaker currenc in the system . but eysken said februari 's agreement between lead western industrialis nation to stabilis exchang rate at around current level wa work and thi would allow the ec to speed up it effort to boost the intern stabil of the em . he told a news confer yesterday 's meet agre on the need for closer coordin among em member govern of interest rate polici and of interest rate differenti between differ countri . they also agre they need better coordin of exchang market intervent to hold currenc stabl , both when they reach their fix em limit and within their agre margin . but eysken said thi coordin rais a whole rang of technic problem and minist would discuss these further in luxembourg in june on the basi of propos from the ec' monetari committe and committe of central bank governor . he said the ec need a set of indic of econom converg betwen commun countri and it wa import that interest rate fulfil thi role togeth with exchang rate and inflat rate . the belgian minist , whose countri present hold the presid of the commun , made clear the meet had not produc ani agreement to move radic forward in develop the em toward the ec 's long term goal of econom and monetari integr . `` we have commit ourselv to reestablish the normal function of the system , '' eysken said . eysken ha repeatedli stress that he believ the em ha to be reinforc if the ec 's plan to liberalis all movement of capit across nation border by 1992 are to go ahead . ec execut commiss presid jacqu delor told the meet the author would put forward propos for a final phase of capit market liberalis in octob that would includ safeguard claus for member countri for which the move would creat difficulti . eysken said the minist and central banker also discuss the need to `` dedramatis '' realign of em pariti by let high-rank monetari offici carri them out by telephon rather than call a meet of financ minist . howev , west german sourc said bonn financ minist gerhard stoltenberg wa unenthusiast about the idea . british chancellor of the exchequ nigel lawson told journalist that one of the technic issu rais by greater coordin of exchang market intervent wa the question of which currenc should be use to interven and held in central bank reserv . he said sever em member countri believ the em would work better if central bank held each other 's currenc -- an issu of particular import regard west germani sinc the bundesbank hold onli dollar in it foreign exchang reserv . he said the debat on dedramatis em realign reflect a gener feel among particip that the way the januari reshuffl had been conduct wa unsatisfactori . the realign wa mark by acrimoni between franc and west germani , with each side blame the other for strain in the system that forc the pariti overhaul .