no intervent , dollar fix at 1.8218 mark the bundesbank did not interven as the dollar wa fix lower at 1.8218 mark after 1.8243 yesterday , dealer said . dealer said dollar trade wa veri quiet over the european morn , with oper made wari by today 's meet of the group of five financ minist and central bank chief ahead of the full imf/world bank session in washington . it wa undermin by remark from u.s. council of econom advis chairman beryl sprinkel who told iowa banker the u.s. had no object regard the valu of the dollar . sprinkel also call the refer to stabil exchang rate at about current level , made at the pari meet on februari 22 , a `` vagu statement , '' cast doubt on operators' assumpt that a secret target level had been set . sprinkel ad that if west germani and japan made progress to stimul their economi as the pari agreement envisag , `` there would not be the necess of signific declin in the dollar . '' one dealer for a u.s.-bas bank note the dollar tend easier after the remark . `` they were obvious regard as be neg . and if the market start regard anyth that come out neg then it mean that the underli sentiment is neg , '' he said . some earli sell pressur soften the dollar' underton . most oper overlook intervent by the bank of japan to support the dollar against sell in favour of the yen by institut investor and oversea oper , dealer said . after the strong focu on the dollar/yen rate in recent week up to the end of the japanes financi year on march 31 , interest and activ wa like to switch , dealer said . `` we can start to look at a point in time where the interest shift away from dollar/yen and more into dollar/mark and the other european currenc , '' the u.s. bank dealer said . despit the softer underton , trader would remain wari of take signific new posit dure the washington meet , dealer said . asid from the g-5 session today , bundesbank presid karl otto poehl is due to meet the german affair group on intern monetari issu later . the mark gain some strength from news the bundesbank set a new secur repurchas tender to add money market liquid at a fix 3.80 pct , unchang from those over the last sever week . some expect had been grow that it might cut the rate or move to a minimum interest rate tender , signal a desir for a slight eas in credit polici . bundesbank central bank council member lothar mueller said the bundesbank had not given up it focu on money suppli . a monetari polici which took into account exchang rate and capit flow could not be confus with an exchange-r orient polici , he said , contradict some grow sentiment . sterl eas a touch to 2.950 mark at the fix from 2.957. the yen 's unab strength , despit the intervent , brought it up to 1.2555 mark per 100 from yesterday 's 1.2480. the swiss franc rose to a fix of 120.515 mark per 100 from 120.180. the french franc eas to 30.055 mark per 100 after 30.060 , belgian franc wa littl chang at 4.829 mark per 100 .