bundesbank retain money suppli polici bundesbank council member lothar mueller said the bank ha not given up it money suppli polici and that restrain money suppli growth doe not alway mean push up interest rate . mueller said in an articl for the boersen zeitung financi daili that a monetari polici which took into account exchang rate expect and capit flow could not be confus with an exchang rate orient polici . the articl follow intern press specul that the bundesbank had abandon money suppli target in favour of an exchang rate polici . mueller , a member of the bundesbank council in hi posit as presid of the region state central bank in bavaria , note that the bundesbank 's decis in januari to cut lead interest rate amid continu strong monetari growth had led some peopl to think it wa drop monetari target . `` simpli to ignor the extern econom context would be riski and danger for monetari polici , '' he explain . mueller said the cut in offici interest rate had put an end to interest rate specul . the bundesbank could now assum that upward pressur on the mark would eas and currenc inflow slow down . lower money market rate , achiev by widen short and long term interest rate differenti , also encourag investor to re-invest fund park in liquid account , mueller said . the measur therefor aim clearli at bring monetari growth back onto the desir path , he said . `` final , of cours , and there is no need to keep thi quiet , the cut in interest rate wa also in line with the chang econom situat of the last few month , '' he ad . `` all in all , the bundesbank in no way abandon it money suppli polici with the januari discount rate cut , despit supposit to the contrari , '' mueller said . `` keep money suppli develop in check is not alway synonym with rais interest rate , especi when excess liquid due to inflow from abroad , rather than growth in bank credit , is the caus of rise monetari hold of non-bank , '' mueller said . now that west germani no longer ran larg extern deficit other concept were need for monetari polici . mueller said it would be both difficult and danger for monetari polici to pursu a specif mark/dollar exchang rate . in ani case , the exchang rate partli depend on u.s. currenc and budgetari polici and the u.s. economi , he said . but an exchang rate orient would also mean the end of a strict stabil polici becaus both interest rate and liquid would be affect by requir currenc intervent and could no longer be steer autonom by the bundesbank . even interest rate are not in the centr of the bundesbank 's consider , but reflect competit and other market condit , mueller said . a cut in bank liquid will not directli influenc central bank money stock , the bundesbank 's main money suppli indic . thi doe not reflect bank liquid , but the liquid of industri and household which can not be directli reach with the bundesbank 's instrument , mueller said . the less depend non-bank are on bank credit , the harder it is to steer money suppli . thi ha increasingli been the case recent , becaus non-bank have receiv consider sum from current account surplus and capit import . `` if the bundesbank had tri to brake the money suppli rise with higher interest rate , as would have been appropri if credit wa grow excess , it would not onli have miss it target but probabl even set off further inflow , '' he said . mueller said growth in money suppli wa still too high . in the last three month money stock grew at an annual rate of seven pct , down from 10 pct in the previou quarter . the growth curv ha therefor come closer to the three to six pct 1987 target corridor for central bank money stock growth , point to the success of the current polici , he said . but high monetari stock can be a warn sign and there should be no chang in prioriti . `` monetari polici must be first and foremost stabil polici and success stabil polici is money suppli polici -- noth els , '' he said .