poehl warn against further dollar fall bundesbank presid karl otto poehl said a weaker dollar would be riski and a further appreci of the mark would damag prospect for sustain west german econom growth . in a speech to the institut of contempori german affair here , poehl said `` it would be an extrem riski polici to aim for a further substanti declin in the valu of the dollar to correct the trade deficit . '' he said the unit state could face a viciou circl of depreci , inflat and more depreci if it took that rout . poehl note west germani had alreadi taken step to meet u.s. demand for greater stimul of it domest economi , acceler tax cut , cut interest rate and toler above-target money suppli growth . he said he would have been happi to have brought forward five billion mark of tax cut now plan for januari 1988 to the begin of thi year , but he said the govern face polit constraint get such measur through the upper hous of the west german parliament . but there were also limit to the impact west germani could accept on export from a rise mark , he said . poehl said west germani reli on export for about one-third of it gross nation product , so a substanti eros of export market could not be offset by increas demand at home . `` a further appreci of the mark could even be an obstacl to further growth , '' he said . poehl said the bundesbank had toler rapid money suppli growth last year becaus the countri enjoy low inflat and becaus extern factor , includ low oil price and favour term of trade , had given some extra leeway . but poehl said west germani now face a difficult dilemma over monetari polici . the underli rate of inflat wa now two pct , not the report neg inflat rate last year , and west germani wa affect more than befor by exchang rate develop . `` for the time be , we will have to focu our polici more on the extern side , and we can live with a more expansionari money suppli . but we must be veri care , '' he said . he said he share some of the u.s. concern about japan' trade surplus , which affect european countri as well as the unit state . poehl welcom the so-cal louvr accord of monetari offici of major industri countri , say the import of the februari 22 agreement to stabil exchang rate had been underestim . all partner had agre that the dollar wa at about the right level , and that further chang would damag growth , he said . `` thi wa a remark chang in attitud , especi on the part of our american colleagu , '' he said . but he said there wa still a danger that the correct of the dollar 's valu could overshoot .