pactel & lt ; pac > see earn growth pacif telesi group chairman donald guinn told a meet of secur analyst that the compani see continu earn growth in 1987 abov the 1.08 billion dlr , or 5.02 dlr per share , earn in 1986. guinn also said that capit spend stood at about 1.8 billion dlr in 1986 , and the compani expect the figur to remain flat each year through 1989. he note that all captial spend will be intern financ . guinn also told analyst that the compani face some regulatori uncertainti in ongo rate case at it pacif bell oper compani . in rate hear befor , the california public util commiss , guinn said the compani face a potenti 76 mln dlr revenu reduct , and due to ongo discuss with the commiss , he said the figur might even be greater . the compani also face some opposit to a 225 mln dlr rate hike request for 1986. guinn said the commiss found 180 mln dlr of the hike wa base on question calcul and assumpt , while 45 mln dlr might repres unneed modern cost . guinn also said that the compani is still studi whether to join an intern consortium that plan to lay a transpacif telephon cabl between the u.s. and japan . `` we have not agre to anyth , '' guinn said , but ad he would soon reciev a feasibl studi on the ventur and the compani would make a decis soon on particip . ask by an analyst about the recent recommend by the u.s. depart of justic which would allow the bell oper compani to offer limit long distanc servic , guinn said the compani would like shi away from that type of expans . `` ( long distanc servic ) is a veri competit busi . it 's a commod busi and becom more so , '' he said . `` i'm not so sure we would be interest in get back into that busi . '' howev , guinn gener applaud the u.s. recommend , say they would give more latitud for the bell oper compani to expand into non-regul busi and provid more flexibl to form strateg allianc with other compani . he ad that while the compani welcom the expans into new area , it is not current involv in ani acqusit talk . `` we do not have anyth activ under consider , '' he said .