new bank rule tougher than need , dealer say u.s. and u.k. bank regul are ask bank to set asid more reserv than is necessari to cushion them against the risk pose by the interest rate and currenc swap transact they carri , swap dealer said . after view propos guidelin releas jointli today by the bank of england and the feder reserv board , dealer said that in effect , regul are ask them to set asid reserv twice for the same risk . market particip will have 60 day to respond to the propos . adopt of stiffer capit requir is especi signific in the eurobond market , which saw new issu volum of about 183 billion dlr in 1986 accord to figur compil by euromoney magazin . while no firm figur exist , dealer in eurobond estim that 80 pct of all new issu are involv in some swap arrang . separ , the isda estim that about 300 billion dlr worth of swap transact are outstand . kenneth mccormick , co-chairman of the intern swap dealer associ ( isda ) and presid of kleinwort benson cross financ inc , said that the associ ha no comment and will studi the propos . `` what they are propos is realli doubl count , '' patrick de saint-aignan , manag director of swap for morgan stanley and co , said . instead , he argu , bank should either be requir to hold a percentag of the face valu -- say one pct per year to matur -- or to hold a percentag of the cost of replac the contract in the event of a counterparti default . `` the potenti risk factor are veri larg rel to what we had expect , '' said a director at one u.k. merchant bank . `` what they are realli do is ask you to capit now -- to borrow money now -- to cushion you against risk you might have 10 year from now , '' he ad . ( add titl first paragraph ) . dealer also said they believ that bank not cover by the agreement , such as those base in japan , will have a competit advantag becaus they will not have to pass the cost on to custom . inde , regul are appar also concern about the exclus of other countri from the new requir . feder reserv board governor martha seger , follow approv of the propos guidelin by the fed , said she is concern that japan wa not involv in the u.k.-u.s. effort to draft new capit rule . dealer said they were somewhat reliev to see that bank regul recogn the concept of net , that is , offset the amount receiv from and payabl to a singl counterparti against each other . the paper said that regulatori author `` recogn that such arrang ( net ) may in certain circumst reduc credit risk . '' furthermor , the paper said , if a net agreement could be reach that would withstand legal test , it might be will to reduc capit requir accordingli . but dealer said they fear regul may insist on an airtight net agreement that is imposs to design . `` one problem is that there ha never been a major default in the swap market . so we do n't know if ani of the swap arrang will realli stand up in court , '' said one bank offici .