u.s. wheat bonu to soviet call dormant the u.s. agricultur depart is not activ consid offer subsid wheat to the soviet union under the export enhanc program ( eep ) , senior usda offici said . howev , grain trade analyst said the propos ha not been rule out and that an offer might be made , though not in the veri near futur . `` the grain compani are tri to get thi fire up again , '' an aid to agricultur secretari richard lyng said . `` but there just is n't much talk about it , inform or formal . '' most analyst interview by reuter were more confid than usda offici that bonu wheat would be offer to the soviet , even though u.s. offici did not make such an offer when they held grain talk with soviet counterpart earlier thi week . but administr and privat sourc agre that if the reagan administr did decid to offer subsid wheat to moscow , it could take sever month . `` i just do n't see ani propos like that sail through ani interag process , '' the aid to lyng said . `` an export enhanc offer is not consumm overnight , '' said one former usda offici , who note that the administr took three month to decid in favor of sell china wheat under the subsidi program . an offici repres a larg grain trade compani said deliber within usda might be nudg along by member of congress , a number of whom urg usda thi week to make a wheat subsidi offer to the soviet . but lyng 's aid said that dure a day-long visit to capitol hill yesterday , hous member did not press the secretari on the subsidi question a singl time . the administr 's interag trade polici review group , compris of subcabinet-level offici , ha not been ask to clear a request to offer moscow wheat under the eep , offici at the u.s. trade repres 's offic said . in their talk thi week , the two side discuss the administr 's previou eep offer but did not talk about ani new initi . one usda offici who took part in the consult thi week describ them as an exchang of `` calm , basic , factual econom . '' anoth usda offici said there wa `` not even an inform suggest or hint '' that the soviet would live up to their pledg to buy four mln tonn of wheat thi year if they were grant more favor term . usda and privat sourc agre that consider of an eep initi by interag review group like would be delay becaus of disarray within the white hous stem from the iran arm affair .