ivori coast say coffe price fall short-liv ivori coast today predict that the present coffe price crash record after the collaps of the recent intern coffe organis ( ico ) meet in london would not last long . comment on monday 's failur by produc and consum nation to agre on new export quota need to tighten an oversuppli coffe market , ivorian agricultur minist deni bra kanon told report that trader would eventu be oblig to restor their posit . `` i am convinc the market is go to revers by april , '' he told a news confer here at hi return from the fail london talk . robusta coffe bean for may deliveri end the day in london down about 50 sterl at 1,265 sterl a tonn , the lowest sinc 1982. bra kanon estim at at least 535 billion cfa franc ( 1.76 billion dlr ) the overal loss in revenu earn by ivori coast from all it commod export thi year if the slide on the world market continu . he disclos that hi countri - the world 's biggest cocoa produc and the third largest for coffe -- would spearhead an african initi to reach a compromis formula by the end of next month . ivori coast ha been chosen by the abidjan-bas inter-african coffe organis ( iaco ) to speak on behalf of the contin 's 25 produc nation at the london talk . `` an initi from iaco is like veri soon , '' he said without elabor . `` follow the london collaps , we have immedi embark on a concert cours to avoid break an alreadi fragil market , '' he said . question by journalist , the minist said presid felix houphouet-boigni estim for the moment that hi govern would not be forc to reduc the price guarante by the state to ivorian coffee-grow for the current season . last year , the west african nation announc that the coffe produc price would stay at 200 cfa franc ( 65 cent ) per kilo . bra kanon said that hi countri would strive to diversifi it agricultur product to avoid bee too depend from world market fluctuat . a communiqu read over the state-run televis tonight said that dure today 's weekli cabinet meet , the veteran ivorian leader reaffirm `` hi faith in ivori coast 's bright ( econom ) futur '' despit the commod price slide . the agricultur minist also announc the govern decid to earmark a sum of 7.5 billion cfa franc ( 24.71 mln dlr ) to support the countri 's small farmer . financially-strap ivori coast , long regard as one of africa 's showpiec economi , is go through difficult time follow the sharp slump in the world price of cocoa and coffe . ivori coast 's real gross domest product is expect to grow onli one pct thi year compar to five pct in 1986 , accord to a recent financ ministri estim .