franc face pressu to chang polici franc 's right wing govern is face grow pressur to modifi it econom polici after revis down it 1987 growth target and revis up it inflat forecast for thi year . move reluctantli into line with most privat sector forecast the govern yesterday rais it 1987 inflat estim a half percentag point to 2.5 per cent and cut it econom growth estim to between two and 2.8 per cent from a 2.8 per cent target written into the annual budget last septemb . financ minist edouard balladur said the revis figur would not push the govern off it chosen mix of price deregul , budget-cut rigour and pay restraint . but trade union leader serv immedi notic they would push to protect the purchas power of their member , rais the spectr of a viciou spiral of wage and price rise . and bank economist contact by reuter said they believ prime minist jacqu chirac could be forc by slow growth and rise unemploy to reflat the economi later thi year , perhap in the autumn , to boost hi prospect in presidenti elect due by april 1988 . `` the outlook is more worri than it wa a few week ago , '' said societ general economist alain marai . `` we have the impress it may be difficult to get even two per cent growth thi year . '' `` the big question is whether the govern 's polici of wage moder will be maintain , '' he ad . the govern ha set public sector wage rise at aboout 1.7 per cent thi year , with a three per cent ceil for rise justifi by increas product . but the head of the socialist cfdt union feder , edmond mair , meet with chirac today , renew union demand alreadi reject by the govern for index claus to be built into futur pay contract to safeguard worker against higher price . call the govern 's polici `` unbalanc and unjust , '' he also demand invest incent to boost employ . he announc after hi meet that chirac had told him the govern would spend two billion franc on a seri of measur to boost employ and train andr bergeron , a wide respect leader of the moder forc ouvrier labour group , put similar demand to chirac earlier in the week while the communist-l cgt , the largest of franc 's union , declar the defenc of it member earn it top prioriti . but with unemploy near 11 per cent last month , and still rise , govern support and some econom analyst said they were confid chirac could resist union pay demand . `` salari index wa end by the previou socialist govern and i dont think thi administr is go to revers that , '' comment michel devel , economist at recently-privatis banqu pariba . damag transport and electr strike over christma and the new year , partli blame by the govern for higher inflat , had undermin the union power and popular , he said . devel said pariba expect inflat to rise even more than the govern revis forecast , perhap to 2.6 or 2.7 per cent thi year against last year 2.1 per cent . `` but that would still be an except achiev consid that for the first time sinc the second world war all french price have been freed , '' he comment . financ ministri offici said that the govern abolit of price and rent control last year wa respons for nearli a quarter of a 0.9 per cent surg in januari live cost . but they claim it wa a once-off phenomenon that should have no knock-on impact on the rest of the year . both marai and devel said they agre with that , so long as the govern kept wage under control . price could rise 1.5 per cent in the first three month of 1987 and two per cent in the first half year , fraction more than forecast thi week by the nation statist institut , inse , marai said . but the second half year should be better , he ad . iron , one side effect of higher inflat could be to help the govern achiev it aim of cut the state budget deficit , sever analyst said . so long as public sector wage are held down , higher valu ad tax receipt result from rise price should offset a loss in revenu that otherwis would result from slower than expect growth , they said .