yeutter say budget cut key to better u.s. trade a reduct of the u.s. feder budget deficit will be need to help elimin the nation 's huge trade deficit , u.s. trade repres clayton yeutter said . speak to the new york chamber of commerc and industri , yeutter said `` capit and trade flow are clearli inter-rel now . `` unless we get the budget deficit down , we will not get the trade deficit down . '' he did not elabor on hi view of the linkag between the two deficit . privat analyst have said that the financ of larg u.s. budget deficit requir heavi capit inflow from oversea investor through purchas of u.s. treasuri and , to a lesser extent , other u.s. secur as well . `` we 'll make some progress in reduc the 170 billion dlr trade deficit in 1987 , but there 's still a long way to go , '' yeutter said . he said the problem must be approach on mani front and focu most strongli on u.s. and oversea fiscal and monetari polici to foster econom growth , u.s. competit and the establish of a `` level play field '' for trade . the u.s. trade repres said the feder reserv under chairman paul volcker ha done it part to improv the trade situat by get interest rate down . on the fiscal side , yeutter said `` the budget deficit is still our biggest problem '' and there ha not been enough progress toward reduc that deficit . in the intern area , he said that `` our major trade partner could still do more to stimul domest growth . '' comment on japan , which is run around a 80 billion dlr trade surplu with the unit state , yeutter said `` japan is just not do the job on the import side . '' yeutter declin to comment on statement relat to the dollar made earlier today by commerc dept undersecretari of econom affair robert ortner . in a washington address to an export-import bank sponsor meet , ortner said he believ the dollar at current level wa fairli price against most european currenc , but that the yen is 10 or 15 pct undervalu . `` the market will determin the dollar 's proper valu in the end , '' yeutter said . howev , he ad that , if the u.s. and other nation do not take the necessari step to cut the u.s. trade deficit , `` the dollar will be the equal . '' yeutter said there is no quick fix to the trade problem and ani resort to such tactic as protectionist trade legisl or trade restrict pose real danger . he said `` there 's rel littl that congress can do to legisl a solut to the trade problem . '' protectionist legisl will onli provok retali by u.s. trade partner , yeutter said . `` there is no doubt in my mind about the willing of our trade partner to retali against unfair trade legisl , '' yeutter said , ad that polici flexibl is essenti in solv intern trade problem .