opec presid say output well below ceil opec confer presid rilwanu lukman said the group wa produc well below the 15.8 mln bpd ceil it set in decemb , partli becaus lift had been delay or postpon by custom unwil to pay fix opec price . lukman , dure a brief visit to london on hi way home from jamaica , told reuter in a telephon interview that in februari , opec had underproduc partli becaus member were strictli abid by product quota and partli becaus they were resist the temptat to sell at discount to offici price of around 18 dlr a barrel . `` we are determin to stand firm by the ( decemb ) accord , '' he said . `` i have spoken to everi other opec minist and they are commit to make the accord work , '' he said . lukman gave no specif figur for februari output . he said the opec secretariat in vienna wa final these figur . told of a reuter survey publish today which estim that opec output so far thi week wa below 15 mln bpd , he said ; `` that could well be correct . '' opec '' s news agenc opecna today issu a statement say group output wa `` well below '' it ceil in februari . but it gave no figur . but one sourc close to opec indic that februari output may have been between 15.3 and 15.5 mln bpd . the reuter survey estim opec februari output at around 16 mln bpd . opec agre in decemb to cut output by 7.25 pct to 15.8 mln bpd and to return to fix price start februari 1. lukman said qatar , nigeria , saudi arabia and iran had all produc in februari below their opec quota . iraq , which said it would not honour it 1.466 mln bpd quota under the decemb pact , had produc less than had been anticip , he said . lukman said that some industri report `` may be correct '' that in februari , nigeria propuc 75-100,000 bpd below it 1.238 mln bpd quota , saudi arabia 500,000 bpd less than it 4.133 mln alloc and qatar 20 to 30 pct under it 285,000 bpd quota . he said that sweet crude such as those produc by hi countri were come under price pressur becaus they were current offici price abov sweet north sea grade and the unit state '' west texa intermedi ( wti ) crude . howev , he said opec in decemb had anticip that demand would be slack at thi time of year for season reason and expect the market to firm in two to three week . `` we have to be patient for two or three week . the market is now firm on actual fundament , '' he said , ad that he expect it to go `` up and up '' even beyond offici price after earli april . thi is when , tradit , there is more demand for gasoline-rich crude such as nigeria '' s. the opec presid said produc such as kuwait , venezuela and indonesia were have less problem with output than produc like hi own countri becaus they export oil product . also , some of venezuela '' s heavi grade were outsid the opec price system , he said . lukman said that if refiner-buy , now refus to lift some opec oil at offici price , instead use their own stock and ran them down to `` danger level , '' they would eventu have to buy opec oil . `` when they realis it is not a free-for-al ( in the market ) they will realis they should buy now instead of pay more later on , '' he said . lukman , ask about industri report that nigeria wa be pressur by equiti produc for better term , said it wa import to know that term with them were negoti , flexibl and under constant review , not onli when the market seem weak . he said that so far , no meet of the seven-n ministeri differenti committe had been schedul and that such a meet , now twice-postpon , wa not a high prioriti for opec at the moment . `` at thi time , we have to get our prioriti right , '' he said . `` the most import thing now is ensur that the accord is work , not deal with a differenti of cent between grade . '' but if ani opec member rais concern or object over the differenti system , a meet would be call , he said .