att & lt ; t > phone propos to help profit american telephon and telegraph co' propos to deregul it long distanc phone servic is unlik to produc a radic chang in phone rate , but it should help the compani 's profit , analyst said . `` deregul will mean more price discount for larg volum user , but statu quo for residenti user , '' said painewebb group analyst jack grubman . but the propos will scrap the price formula that ha constrain the compani 's profit in the long distanc busi , lead to higher profit margin , analyst said . att ha long push for deregul of it long-dist busi , the profit of which have been limit by a regul rate-of-return on the compani 's invest . the rate wa cut last year to 12.20 from 12.75 pct . earlier today the compani propos to the feder commun commiss to scrap the formula , cut the amount of time need to approv rate propos , and leav it up to it competitor to oppos it file . mci commun corp & lt ; mcic > made a similar file yesterday , say greater the move would increas competit in the telephon busi . analyst said the propos will allow att to cut cost in the long-dist unit , and increas it profit margin previous constrain by the rate of return . but mani said they did not expect the propos to lead to higher price in the industri , simpli becaus of the competit the phone industri giant face . `` you probabl would n't see as much of a price declin , '' said gartner group analyst fritz ringl . `` but you wouldn't see a rise . '' grubman said the propos will allow att to select rais or lower price , depend on the market . `` it will give att a lot more flexibl , '' he said . att now face a period of comment in which a number of compani will be abl to respond to the propos in fcc hear . it may face at least one strong oppon , u.s. sprint , the long distanc joint ventur between gte corp & lt ; gte > and unit telecommun inc & lt ; ut > . `` we think the congress of the fcc should establish a reason rate of return . someon should establish it , '' a u.s. sprint spokesman said . but he ad the compani wa not oppos to greater competit . it may also take some time for the propos to go through , and in the process they may be alter by the variou constitu affect by the move . `` there 's so much complex , so much inertia , so much bureacraci , that stricli speak about the mechan , it wo n't happen that fast , '' said analyst victor krueger of the gartner group .