dome pete & lt ; dmp > said to be press to sell encor dome petroleum ltd is under pressur from one of it largest creditor , & lt ; canadian imperi bank of commerc > , to sell it 42 pct stake in & lt ; encor energi corp ltd > , energi industri analyst said . dome ha pledg it 42.5 mln encor share as secur for part of it debt to commerc bank , estim last year at 947 mln canadian dlr , and the bank want dome to sell the stock to pay down debt , analyst said . `` the commerc ha been slowli but sure move encor in the direct that might make it a saleabl asset , '' said one analyst who ask not to be name . dome earlier said it wa not consid sell encor energi , but reaffirm the compani 's 23.3 pct interest in canadian gold produc dome mine ltd & lt ; dm > is up for sale `` at the right price . '' dome , now negoti a plan to restructur more than 6.10 billion dlr in debt , see encor as a strateg invest that it doe not intend to sell , spokesman david annesley said . the encor share do not pay dividend . a commerc bank spokesman also declin comment when ask whether it is press dome to sell it encor stake . at current market price , dome 's stake in encor would be valu at about 308 mln dlr , while it 20.9 mln dome mine share would be worth about 319 mln dlr . recent strength in the price of encor share may also prompt commerc bank to press dome to divest it hold in the canadian oil and ga produc , analyst said . `` encor 's stock price ha improv quit substanti in recent week with a runup in crude price , '' peter and co ltd oil analyst wilf gobert comment . `` the possibl is that commerc bank would like to see it sold at these level becaus they can get more for it now than they have been abl to in recent year , '' he ad . encor trade earlier on the toronto stock exchang at 7-1/8 , near it 52-week high of 7-1/2 and up from around six dlr in earli februari . the compani also recent set up it own oper manag , which wa previous carri out by dome petroleum , maison placement canada inc analyst deni mote comment . dome and encor `` are actual go to get farther apart . so ( the sale ) doe make a lot of sens , '' mote said . howev , analyst said dome will resist ani move to divest encor in favor of retain the oper asset sinc sale proce would like go directli to pay down dome 's debt to commerc bank . `` i think they 'll probabl tri to hang onto encor as long as they can , '' said bach secur inc analyst doug weber . some of dome 's group of 56 major creditor might move to block such a sale , argu they have a claim on compani asset . `` other creditor gener all want to make sure that someth they might be abl to get a piec of is not be sold out from under them , '' said analyst gobert . anoth stumbl block would be encor 's 225 mln dlr joint liabil in loan to dome petroleum advanc by arctic petroleum corp of japan for beaufort sea explor . analyst said a similar hurdl could also hinder the possibl sale of dome petroleum 's interest in dome mine . dome mine ha guarante 225 mln dlr of dome petroleum' debt and ha a `` right of consent '' to the sale of dome petroleum' hold . presum , a potenti buyer of the dome mine share would seek some type of relief on the compani 's debt oblig connect with dome petroleum , gobert said . dome spokesman annesley earlier declin to specifi at what price the compani would consid sell it dome mine share , but said current price of more than 15 dlr a share `` are veri attract . ''