u.s. feedgrain 0/92 support evalu posit advoc of a 0/92 plan for feedgrain will like delay offer their propos if a disast aid bill befor the hous agricultur committe is scale back to includ onli 1987 winter wheat , congression sourc said . the disast aid bill , introduc by rep. glenn english ( d-okla. ) , spark sharp controversi with it propos to implement a 0/92 program for 1987 wheat and 1988 winter wheat . an agreement ha been reach to trim the bill back to 1987 wheat , but support of a 0/92 feedgrain plan said even that scaled-down version would not be equit for farmer . unless the english bill pertain onli to 1987 winter wheat , it is more than a simpl disast payment and feedgrain should be treat equal , they said . if the bill is narrow to just winter wheat , then support of a 0/92 feedgrain amend will probabl not offer their propos next week , sourc said . english ha agre to support an amend by rep. charl stenholm ( r-tex ) to narrow the bill to 1987 wheat onli , but whether he would also back a further reduct is unclear . agricultur aid to english said the congressman 's first choic is to make the option avail to all 1987 wheat farmer . howev , if the polit realiti is that disast aid for winter wheat farmer would be unavail becaus of controversi over spring wheat , then english might consid an even greater cutback in the bill , they said . under a 0/92 plan , farmer could forego plant and still receiv 92 pct of defici payment . rep. arlan stangeland ( r-minn. ) and harold volkmer ( d-mo . ) have both express interest in expand the english bill to includ a 0/92 program for feedgrain . an aid said stangeland doe not want to reopen the farm bill , but to be fair to all crop . onli a small percentag of spring wheat farmer would like sign up for 0/92 sinc the incent to plant are greater than to idl the land , economist said . oppon to a 0/92 feedgrain program argu it is prematur to make major chang in the farm bill and that the hous agricultur committe need to studi more close the impact of such a program .