posit outlook temper in u.s. debt futur higher oil price and stronger than expect u.s. employ growth led to sharp loss in u.s. interest rate futur and diminish what had been a posit chart outlook , financi analyst said . the increas of 319,000 in non-farm payrol employ dure februari wa abov market expect for a rise of 170,000 to 200,000 job and spark sell in treasuri bond futur that drove the june contract through key technic support at 101-2/32 at the open friday , they note . `` i do n't like that fact that we had a close below 101 , '' said prudenti bach analyst fred leiner . the 101-2/32 level in the june bond contract had been the top of a three-month trade rang , which when penetr dure the ralli wednesday led to bullish forecast by chartist . but analyst call it a fals breakout on the weekli chart when the june bond close at 100-10/32 friday . some also forecast that the high of the week at 101-19/32 may signal a bearish doubl top format portend steep loss . `` i tend to go along with the doubl top scenario , '' said northern futur analyst eileen rico . rico note that the possibl format , along with the fact that the ralli of the last two week in bond futur ha occur on rel low volum , were neg signal . despit what could be a neg chart outlook , leiner remain cautious optimist , and june bond should find support between 100 and 99-16/32 next week . the optimist outlook , as well as leiner 's expect that the yield curv will flatten in the near term , is base on an improv inflat outlook . with the dollar stabl and econom data give the feder reserv littl room to eas monetari polici , `` the inflat outlook is improv , '' leiner said , and that should lead to rel stronger bond price than bill and eurodollar price . still , leiner note that the recent rise in oil price remain a concern for the inflat outlook . oil rose dure the week on report that opec nation were maintain product quota and offici price , and got an extra boost friday due to the suspens of oil export from ecuador after an earthquak thursday . `` the runup in crude oil will be a short-liv phenomenon , '' said carrol mcente and mcginley analyst brian singer . the rise in oil price over the past week ha been larg `` media induc , '' singer said . he note that even though opec product may be within quota , `` oil stock are at tremend high level . '' although the ecuador situat could caus a delay , oil price will eventu declin to the low of late februari , he said , and that will be a support influenc for bond price .