expert had express fear over ro-ro safeti as a british govern investig got under way into the sink of the car ferri herald of free enterpris with heavi loss of life , expert said doubt had alreadi been express about the roll-on roll-off type of ship . ship minist lord brabazon said a preliminari investig had start into whi the 7,951 tonn ferri capsiz and sank in littl over a minut as it manoeuvr to leav zeebrugg on a routin four hour cross to dover . initi report spoke of water flood the car deck through the bow door . but a spokesman for the owner , townsend thoresen , said it wa also possibl the ferri had been hole . townsend thoresen oper two other ship ident to the herald of free enterpris , but brabazon said it wa not plan to pull them out of servic at present . `` our investig is there alreadi . we shall have to wait and see . but it is too earli to say what happen , '' he told bbc radio . as the work of retriev bodi from the half-submerg hulk continu , maritim safeti expert in london said doubt had alreadi been express about the design of so-cal `` roro '' ferri such as the herald of free enterpris . in 1980 the inter-government intern maritim consult committe issu a report say more roll-on roll-off vessel were lost in accid than ship with deck area divid by bulkhead . townsend thoresen say the ship , built at the west german yard of bremerhaven in 1980 , wa built to the highest safeti standard . but salvag expert william cooper said passeng would have had problem get off thi type of ship becaus of it design . former townsend thoresen navig offic clive langley said the roro type of vessel were similar in some respect to a barg . `` as ani sailor know it onli take two or three inch out of line and you can turn a barg over . an ordinari ship is compartmentalis and you have more stabil , '' he said . cooper said cross-channel ferri were normal perfectli stabl but had huge wide deck area abov the water level . `` if you do get water into that area then you can get veri sever effect on the stabil of the ship , '' he ad .