piedmont & lt ; pie > agre to usair & lt ; u > buyout usair group inc said piedmont aviat inc ha agre to be acquir for 69 dlr per share . the compani , in a newspap advertis , said it ha start a tender offer for all piedmont share at that price , and the piedmont board , with two director absent , ha unanim approv the bid . the offer and withdraw right are to expir april three unless extend , and the bid is to be follow by a merger at the same price . usair said piedmont ha grant it an irrevoc option to buy up to 3,491,030 new share under certain circumst . piedmont now ha about 18.6 mln share outstand . usair said the tender is condit on receipt of enough share to give usair at least a 50.1 pct interest in piedmont on a fulli dilut basi and approv by the u.s. depart of transport of a vote trust agreement permit usair to buy and hold share pend review of it applic to gain control of piedmont . the compani said it merger agreement with piedmont provid that the offer is not to be amend without piedmont' prior written consent in ani way that would be advers to piedmont sharehold , but it said it could cut the number of share to be bought without piedmont 's consent . usair said it could reduc the number of piedmont share to be purchas in the offer to no less than the minimum number need to caus the vote trust condit of the bid to be satisfi . in that case , it said if more than that minimum number of share were tender , it would buy share on a pro rata basi . in februari usair had offer to pay 71 dlr per share in cash for 50 pct of piedmont 's stock and 1.55 to 1.90 usair share for each remain piedmont share . last week , carl c. icahn-control tran world airlin inc & lt ; twa > made a condit offer to acquir usair for 52 dlr per share , a bid that wa reject by the usair board . the transport depart on friday reject twa' applic to acquir usair on the ground that the applic fail to compli with depart regul by omit necessari inform . twa said it would refil today , provid the inform need . on friday twa said it had alreadi acquir four mln share or 15 pct of usair .