poehl say further rate cut possibl - sourc bundesbank presid karl otto poehl told a close invest symposium that west germani could cut lead interest rate again if the unit state make a similar move , bank sourc said . the sourc were report poehl 's remark at a symposium in duesseldorf last week organis by deutsch bank ag . press repres were not invit . the sourc , speak separ , said poehl told about 200 banker in repli to question that a cut in u.s. interest rate would give room for a match measur in germani . `` it wa a definit hint at lower german interest rate , '' said one banker who attend the symposium . a bundesbank spokesman said the central bank would have no comment on the report remark , made at the privat meet . but , accord to a second sourc , who also declin to be identifi , poehl 's comment were seen by banker present as a direct pointer to further move by the central bank to defend german industri from an addit revalu of the mark . `` he said if the american drop their interest rate then the bundesbank would also drop them . he said that quit clearli , '' the second sourc said . in repli to question , poehl also said the half-point cut in the discount and lombard rate on januari 22 came after the u.s. had signal it would be prepar to attend a meet to discuss the level of the dollar on condit germani made such a move in advanc , the sourc said . ask if american author could have been persuad , by cut in german rate , to come to the bargain tabl as earli as last septemb , one of the sourc quot poehl as say , `` no , they would n't have been . we check that . '' the pari meet of the group of six industri nation took place exactli one month after the german cut in rate . poehl emphasis in hi comment the veri close talk between central bank befor and after the g-6 meet , say that financi market had not fulli realis the signific of the pari session and the u.s. agreement to stem further fall in the valu of the dollar , the sourc said . for the first time all particip at the summit agre that a further fall in the dollar would be harm for all world economi , includ the u.s. , poehl had said . the sourc said the tone of poehl 's comment boost grow sentiment that the dollar would be stabilis around current level by intern central bank cooper . one sourc said poehl 's remark also underlin the fact that the bundesbank wa now more prepar to be accommod in monetari polici in order to prevent a further slowdown in west germani 's econom growth . poehl and other bundesbank offici have in the past stress that the german central bank had no direct respons for growth and wa sole concern with combat inflat . thi led , for instanc , to the introduct of a tighter monetari stanc from the begin of decemb until the half-point cut in rate in late januari . the sourc quot poehl as say that the current overshoot of the german monetari target would not directli respark inflat . the bundesbank wa not oblig to react immedi whenev such overshoot occur . latest data for central bank money stock , the bundesbank' main measur of money suppli , show the measur wa grow at 7-1/2 pct in januari , outsid it three to six pct 1987 target . share price rose in veri activ trade today , with dealer report that poehl 's remark , coupl with a bullish outlook on stock price from deutsch at the same symposium , brought in strong bargain hunt at current low level .