sosnoff start bid for caesar world & lt ; caw > & lt ; mt acquisit corp > , a compani form by martin t. sosnoff , said it ha start a tender offer for all share of caesar world inc at 28 dlr each . in a newspap advertis , mt said the offer and withdraw right expir april three unless extend . sosnoff , a new york investor , alreadi own about four mln of caesar ' 30.3 mln share outstand , or about 13.3 pct , and is caesar ' largest sharehold . caesar own casino hotel in nevada and honeymoon resort in pennsylvania 's pocono mountain . it also control caesar new jersey inc & lt ; cjn > , which own an atlant citi , n.j. , casino hotel . for the second quarter end januari 31 , caesar world earn 12.6 mln dlr on revenu of 190.4 mln dlr , up from earn of 7,500,000 dlr and revenu of 163.8 mln dlr a year befor . for all of fiscal 1986 , the compani earn 41.0 mln dlr on revenu of 694.4 mln dlr . mt said the offer is condit on receipt of at least enough share to give sosnoff a major interest on a fulli dilut basi , the arrang of suffici financ to buy all caesar share not alreadi own and pay relat cost and approv by the new jersey casino control commiss and the nevada game commiss and state game control board . mt said marin midland bank inc & lt ; mm > ha commit to lend it 100 mln dlr for the acquisit and use it best effort to syndic anoth 400 mln dlr in senior financ for the transact . it said it financi advis , painewebb group inc & lt ; pwj > , ha state in write that subject to market condit , it is highli confid that it can arrang commit for up to 475 mln dlr in `` mezzanin '' financ . mt said it doe not expect problem in obtain new jersey and nevada regulatori approv for the acquisit , sinc ownership in a caesar stake ha alreadi been clear . in june 1986 , sosnoff request a seat on the caesar world board , a request that ha not yet been grant . in septemb 1986 , sosnoff , who is chairman of & lt ; atalanta/sosnoff capit corp > , file for clearanc under u.s. antitrust law to rais hi interest in caesar world to 25 pct . sosnoff said , in a letter to caesar world chairman and chief execut offic henri gluck , that `` the decis to go directli to the sharehold wa made at the urg of may financi and legal advisor , who repeatedli stress to me the lack of respons of the manag in the past . '' sosnoff , who said he ha made numer effort to express hi view to manag on way of maxim sharehold valu , said caesar twicc refus hi request for a board seat . `` my advis felt that , had i given you advanc notic , you would have use the time to throw up obstacl to my offer rather than give it seriou consider , '' he said . sosnoff said he hope that caesar world manag will be will to negoti an acquisit agreement with him . `` as i have indic publicli in the past , i believ oper manag of the compani ha perform well and that appropri consider should be given to a signific equiti interest for them in the compani follow the acquisit , '' sosnoff said in the letter to gluck . mt said sosnoff ha ask the compani to fix march 27 as the record date for the determin of sharehold entitl to author action without a meet -- includ the elect or remov of director .