studi say u.s. , canada pact would spur economi a free trade pact between the unit state and canada could spur the economi of both side substanti , accord to a studi releas by the institut for intern econom . the studi , by paul wonnacott , said a success conclus to the free trade talk now under way could rais canada' gross nation product by more than five pct and expand u.s. export 's by about seven pct . he said the pact could resolv the knotti issu of govern subsidi , end curb on trade in servic and invest and pave the way for new global talk under the gener agreement on tariff and trade . the unit state and canada - the world 's two biggest trade partner with cross border shipment of about 150 billion dlr a year - open free trade talk last june . they are aim for a pact by next octob . wonnacott , an econom professor at the univer of maryland , said an agreement should includ : - elimin of tariff between the two countri , phase in over a five to 10-year period ; - equal access to feder govern procur in the two countri , replac current `` buy america '' and `` buy canada '' provis with a `` buy north america '' provis ; - fewer restrict in trade in servic , chiefli financ and transport ; - a commit not to screen foreign invest in favor domest produc ; - a commiss to resolv bilater trade disput . wonnacott said that to resolv the subsidi problem , the two side should permit export subsidi of export of up to 2.0 or 2.5 pct without impos coutervail duti . the limit on subsidi is now 0.5 pct . he propos that ani attempt to impos new duti to offset subsidi should go first a special disput commiss for resolut at an earli stage . wonnacott said `` bilater free trade would contribut to the effici of the north american economi and to their competit in face oversea produc . he said it would it would open u.s. market to canadian good and enabl them to benefit from the economi of mass product . benefit to the unit state would be fewer than those to canada proportion , he said , becaus of the alreadi larg u.s. gross nation product . wonnacott said also that a u.s.-canada pact in such area as export subsidi and the creation of a disput commiss could set an exampl for the current attempt by gatt to write new and more liber global trade regul .