usx & lt ; x > chairman call for lower dollar usx corp chairman david roderick call for a lower valu for the u.s. dollar against other currenc to help speed a correct in the u.s. trade deficit , which last year reach 170 billion dlr . in remark prepar for a speech befor the econom club of detroit , roderick said , `` there should be total resolv that the dollar versu other major currenc , as well as the currenc of other nation have a substanti trade surplu with us , must continu to declin so that the correct in our trade deficit start on the road to recoveri . '' roderick said the u.s. should be understand of the `` econom pain '' our trade partner experi as a result of a fall dollar . but , he ad , `` as pain as the correct may be to our trade partner , it is less pain than leav the problem uncorrect becaus that would lead us into an inevit , lengthi and steep world recess . '' roderick said between februari 1985 and decemb 1986 the dollar fell by more than 40 pct in real term against major industri currenc and by 30 to 35 pct against a broader group of currenc of nearli all develop nation . at the end of 1986 , he said , the valu of foreign asset in the u.s. exceed the valu of u.s. asset abroad by 240 billion dlr , compar to five year ago when the u.s. had a surplu in asset of 141 billion . a compani spokesman said the data were provid by econom consult to usx . the primari reason for the trade imbal wa the 70 pct rise of the dollar between 1980 and 1985 , although other factor were involv , roderick said . but it is wrong , he said , `` to attribut the massiv trade deficit to a fundment deterior of u.s. product or of american product qualiti . '' these area need to be improv but they are not the root caus of the trade gap problem , roderick said . he urg american manufactur to becom more competit so they can compet in global market . in the speech , the usx chairman also call for chang in secur law to curb what he call abus by corpor raider and specul . among hi propos , which he present to the senat bank committe in testimoni last week , were a requir that raider give 24-hour notic for everi one pct of stock they acquir in a compani . roderick propos that tender offer must be made for all cash to all stockhold on equal term and that raider be requir to have financ in place befor a tender is made . further , raider should be requir to make an all-cash tender offer onc they acquir 10 pct of a target company' stock , he said . and payment of greenmail , or a preferenti price by a target compani to buy back a raider 's stake , should be prohibit under the revis law . roderick said chang were necessari to curb abus but that he did not want law that would hurt the financi market or discourag `` fair price to all '' takeov .