search for british ferri 's toxic cargo continu the search continu for a cargo of poison chemic substanc load on the herald of free enterpris ferri which capsiz in zeebrugg harbour friday . a total of 72 drum of variou toxic materi which were load on truck in the ship 's hold have been recov , but belgian author warn it wa essenti to recov a further 61 contain of a cyanide-bas solut . a net ha been thrown over the gape load door at the front of the ship to prevent ani more drum float out . salvag worker have move crane into place alongsid the wreck of the 7,951 ton roll-on , roll-off ferri which now lie partli submerg on a sandbank outsid the harbour . the ferri 's owner is & lt ; european ferri plc > , major own by peninsular and orient steam navig co plc & lt ; porl.l > . the oper to right the vessel began yesterday after diver abandon their search for more bodi . expert said it could take month to refloat the ship and free the 80 bodi estim to be trap amid debri . `` the problem is that in these water you can normal expect one work day out of four , '' said daan kaakebeen of dutch salvag expert smit tak intern of rotterdam . he estim the job itself would requir 35 work day . use reinforc cabl , salvag expert intend to rais the ship and set it down into a trench dug alongsid . salvag work could pinpoint the exact caus of the loss of the ferri , one of three sister vessel pli cross-channel rout from england to continent europ . suspicion at present is focus on the ferri 's main vehicl load door , set close to water level . in london , transport secretari john moor told parliament yesterday that the ship keel over after water gush in through the bow door . he said a major govern inquiri into the disast will be held , all similar ferri sail from britain will be inspect and owner will be ask to fit light to give warn if bow door are not properli close . expert carri out tank and comput test to determin how the accid occur will focu attent on the ship' door , it ballast system and crew procedur , he ad . two other investig into the disast have also begun , one belgian and one by the ferri 's owner .