econom spotlight - japan push it chipmak japanes microchip maker are be strong-arm into complianc with a u.s.-japan pact on semiconductor halt predatori price and open japan' market to foreign chip , industri analyst said . but doubt remain over whether the ministri of intern trade and industri ( miti ) , which is pressur the firm , can success battl market forc and whether the u.s. industri is gear up to take advantag of ani breath space , they said . u.s. threat to scrap the agreement sign last septemb have push miti to tri harder to get recalcitr japanes chipmak to abid by the pact , the analyst said . `` miti ha been move hot and heavi throughout the industri to get thing done , '' said bach secur ( japan ) associ vice presid peter wolff . last month , miti told chipmak to cut product for the januari to march period by 10 pct to help dri up inexpens chip that have escap from japan to grey market not subject to the pact 's price control . the ministri also ask electron firm to provid distributor with certif design them as authoris export , in an effort to close loophol through which grey market sneak chip out of japan , market analyst said . u.s. trade negoti here last week said the pact wa in jeopardi becaus of continu dump in non-american market and littl sign of increas foreign sale in japan . but major japanes firm appear to have agre to the product cut , sever analyst said . last week , nec corp said it would cut product in line with miti 's request . `` nec ha been the most aggress in resist miti' demand , '' said david keller , analyst at jame capel and co. `` onc nec cut product , it mean they all have . '' still , pressur remain to keep product high . japanes firm need high output to cut unit price for u.s. sale that the commerc depart assign them under the pact . `` the best way to lower cost is to produc more , '' said salomon brother asia ltd analyst carol ryavec . prepar for a possibl upturn in demand could also spur higher product next quarter , merril lynch analyst matt aizawa said . grey market may also be abl to outfox ani new restrict , some industri offici said . `` it 's like tax avoid scheme , '' said steve donovan , head of mmi japan k.k . `` as soon as you close one rout , anoth open . '' miti 's pressur ha annoy some maker , who had earlier shrug off miti guidanc . `` it 's get to be like commun , '' said one . but analyst said output cut could help by make it easier to increas price as plan on april 1 and forc firm to stop extend market share by sell at a loss . `` they 're go to have to start run their busi like busi , '' bach 's wolff said . miti ha also been conduct a highli public campaign urg chip user to buy foreign-mad chip , but u.s. industri offici said respons ha been mix at best . `` there ha been some chang , but it 's not across the board , '' said one u.s. spokesman . `` the compani have a vari degre of urgenc . '' the ultim impact of all these effort by miti on the troubl u.s. industri remain in doubt , analyst ad . pressur to cut product of 256 kilobit dram ( dynam random access memori ) chip could mere speed the transit to one megabit chip , where japan now lead , analyst said . whether u.s. firm are abl to stage a comeback in memori chip , or interest in do so , also remain unclear , they said . analyst are watch with interest the fate of a new u.s. consortium which hope to challeng japan by develop the most advanc technolog for microchip manufactur . even in the thorni area of access , much depend on u.s. commit as well as on japanes open , some said . `` the sia ( u.s. semiconductor industri associ ) doesn't even have an offic here , '' a sourc close to the industri said . `` you could question just how commit they are . '' in addit , some industri analyst question the effect of a bilater agreement that leav out third countri chipmak such as those in south korea . `` ( south ) korea 's gain market share , '' said one analyst . `` they 're the real winner from the agreement . ''