korea plan to open market to eas won pressur south korea will further open it market to help cut it trade surplu with the u.s. and to fight off pressur to revalu the won against the dollar , a govern spokesman said . the spokesman said korean trade minist rha woong-bae' stand in washington yesterday against pressur from industri nation to revalu the won underlin the government' determin to stand firm . rha told the u.s. chamber of commerc `` demand that korea carri out a drastic and sudden currenc revalu of five or 10 pct are , i believ , extrem ill-advis . '' deputi prime minist kim mahn-j told a meet of local businessmen `` the govern 's polici on the question of revalu the won is to maintain a steadfast posit . '' kim said south korea wa readi to move slowli to rais the won 's valu becaus of it heavi foreign debt which stood at 44.5 billion dlr at the end of 1986. six industrialis nation agre in pari last month that newli industrialis countri , such as south korea and taiwan , should allow their currenc to appreci . but local businessmen have said won/dollar pariti ha alreadi reach `` a crisi level . '' an offici of the korea trader ' associ ( kta ) said if the won strengthen anoth five pct , thi would mean the loss of profit for nearli half of all south korean export . `` we are determin not to go the way of latin american debtor nation which have suspend interest payment of their debt , '' the spokesman said . `` the onli way to keep our good record is to maintain our exports.+ the trade minist said yesterday should seoul revalu the won suddenli korea would run `` a tremend trade deficit and could degener into a countri , like mani other develop countri , which is reneg on it intern oblig . '' the spokesman said south korea had been gradual appreci it currenc , rule out a major revalu . so far thi year , the won ha gone up by 0.8 pct against the dollar after a 3.34 pct revalu in 1986. he said south korea wa select `` mani '' of 122 item on which washington recent ask seoul to lower tariff to help narrow it trade surplu with the u.s. no further detail were given . seoul announc in januari the lift of ban on 158 item , includ sensit agricultur product and larg car , effect from juli . south korea post it first ever current account surplu last year , due larg to a trade surplu with the u.s. of 7.1 billion dlr , against a 4.3 billion deficit in 1985. it earlier forecast that it current account surplu could reach eight billion dlr thi year . but the govern offici said the surplu would be held at around five billion dlr to avoid further pressur by industrialis nation to push up the valu of it currenc .