hutchison see higher payout , satisfactori profit hutchison whampoa ltd & lt ; hwhh.hk > expect satisfactori profit in 1987 and will pay a higher dividend for the year , chairman li ka-sh said . he did not make ani specif project for the company' earn thi year but he said the firm will pay a dividend of not less than 32.5 cent per share after a propos four-for-on stock split and a one-for-four bonu issu . it paid total dividend of 1.30 dlr per share last year , equal to 26 cent per share , adjust for the bonu and share split . hutchison , which ha oper rang from trade to properti and contain termin , earlier report after-tax profit of 1.62 billion dlr against 1.19 billion dlr in 1985. the 1986 total exclud extraordinari gain of 563 mln dlr , partli from the sale of some of it stake in the south china morn post , the lead english languag newspap , compar with 369 mln dlr the previou year . it said it expect anoth 277 mln dlr gain in 1987 from the sale of the remain share . li said hong kong 's properti market remain strong while it economi is perform better than forecast with it larg export-l growth . gross domest product grew by nearli nine pct last year against an initi govern project of 4.5 pct . but he said hong kong 's larg trade deficit with the u.s. may result in protectionist measur that will advers affect the british coloni . he said all of the compani 's major oper show improv result in 1986. hutchison said earlier it will sell it entir 23.5 pct interest in hongkong electr hold ltd & lt ; hkeh.hk > to & lt ; cavendish intern hold ltd > , itself a spin-off from hongkong electr . under a reorganis announc separ , hongkong electr will spin off all it non-electr relat activ into cavendish , which will be list on the local stock exchang . hongkong electr sharehold will receiv one share in cavendish for everi hongkong electr share . cavendish will buy the 348.2 mln hongkong electr share from hutchison by issu 975 mln new share . the spin-off and the sale of hongkong electr share will give hutchison a 53 pct stake in cavendish . li said the decis to spin-off cavendish is to reliev hongkong electr of public critic of the power compani for make riski invest . but he deni there wa pressur from the govern for the spin-off . he said cavendish will have seven billion dlr of asset and will be almost debt free , with 340 mln dlr of liabilit . it major asset are the hong kong hilton hotel , properti develop , and interest in huski oil ltd & lt ; hyo.to > of canada and pearson plc & lt ; pson.l > of britain .