talk point/oil servic turnaround seen the oil servic industri is on the verg of a recoveri becaus of rise crude price , oil industri analyst said . the analyst , who issu buy recommend on some stock , said the recoveri in oil servic should begin in the second half of 1987 , after drill activ bottom out in the first half , and continu into the next decad . `` peopl , howev , can not afford to wait for drill to go up to start buy , '' said sandi haber sweeney , senior research analyst at sanford c. bernstein and co inc. among the recommend buy are schlumberg ltd & lt ; slb > , halliburton co & lt ; hal > , dresser industri & lt ; di > , baker intern & lt ; bko > , and mcdermott intern inc & lt ; mdr > , which may be the target of a takeov by harold simmon , a dallas-bas investor . analyst said although major oil compani are increas explor and develop oversea , they expect the pickup in oil servic will begin in the u.s. `` activ in the u.s. is so depress it should move up faster , '' said vishnu sharp of goldman sach . the number of activ oil drill rig in the u.s. wa 766 last week compar with 1,212 rig one year ago , huge tool co & lt ; ht > figur show . the averag number of work rig in the u.s. for 1987 is project at 978 versu 964 in 1986 , accord to ike kerridg , vice presid of stockhold relat at hugh tool . `` the first signific pickup in drill activ will occur in the second half of 1988 , '' kerridg said . oversea drill activ is expect to follow a similar pattern , kerridg said . `` halliburton is the best valu , '' said jeffrey freedman , vice presid at smith barney , harri and upham inc , ad the compani control the greatest amount of liquid of common stock market valu , is diversif in non-oil field businesess , and ha the lowest multipl of stock price to oper cash flow includ debt . schlumberg is freedman 's second favorit oil servic stock . `` schlumberg is expect to continu to be the domin technic leader in the industri , '' freedman said . `` schlumberg 's manag shift , asset restructur , includ a pend merger of fairchild semiconductor , and it consider cash hord set the stage for the compani to maxim it signific industri advantag and capit on the project upturn in explor and develop activ , '' accord to a report by georg gaspar , first vice presid at robert w. baird and co inc. gaspar estim earn per share for schlumberg at 25 ct for 1987 and one to 1.75 dlr in 1988 compar with 20 ct in 1986 exclud a fourth quarter special charg of 1.87 billion dlr . bernstein 's sandi sweeney is recommend a group of oil servic compani and said choos among them is difficult . her favorit is baker intern , which is involv in a possibl merger with hugh tool co. dresser industri will also benefit from the recoveri but possibl not as much as other compani becaus it is not a pure servic compani , sweeney said . dresser is expect to improv profit owe to cost reduct and streamlin oper , includ the sale and leaseback of it headquart , said swarup .