chrysler & lt ; c > deal leav uncertainti for amc worker chrysler corp 's 1.5 billion dlr bid to takeov american motor corp & lt ; amo > should help bolster the small automak 's sale , but it leav the futur of it 19,000 employe in doubt , industri analyst say . it wa `` busi as usual '' yesterday at the american motor headquart , one day after the propos merger wa unveil by chrysler and amc 's french parent renault , accord to compani spokesman edd snyder . but amc 's futur , to be discuss at a board meet today , would be radic differ as a chrysler subsidiari than if it had continu with the state-run french car group as it control sharehold . industri analyst said the futur of amc 's car assembl plant in kenosha , wis. , and it toledo , ohio , jeep plant would be in doubt if the overcapac predict in the north american auto industri by the earli 1990 come to pass . both plant are far from `` state of the art '' for car manufactur site , and amc ha a histori of poor labor relat at each . `` chrysler doe n't need that mani new plant , '' said michael luckey , automot analyst for the wall street firm shearson lehman brother . `` they probabl will close the toledo plant and move jeep product to canada . '' ronald glantz of montgomeri secur said that at the veri least , the new owner of the toledo plant would be abl to wring concess from the unit automobil worker union local repres jeep worker . `` the uaw wo n't be abl to hold them up for ransom as they have amc becaus dure a down year , chrysler will have underutil facil to transfer product , '' he said . analyst said they foresaw no major complic that would abort a combin which historian said would be the auto industri 's biggest merger sinc american motor wa form in 1954. amc wa in need of a financi savior becaus of it loss of more than 800 mln dlr sinc 1980 and pressur in franc for renault to cut it back . the compani had said it could not forecast consist profit until 1988 at the earliest . in announc the takeov agreement , chrysler chairman lee iacocca cite amc 's jeep divis as well as it new 675 mln dlr assembl plant at bramalea , ontario , and it network of 1,200 dealer as the major attract . analyst reason that chrysler might feel move eventu to sell off or close some of the older plant to cut overhead cost in view of the new debt and liabil it would incur in the amc buyout .