purol & lt ; pcc > in buyout with hutton & lt ; efh > new jersey-bas overnight messeng purol courier corp said it ha agre to be acquir for about 265 mln dlr by a compani form by e.f. hutton lbo inc and certain manag of purol 's u.s. courier busi . analyst have said that purol ha been for sale for some time . purol announc earlier it wa mull a takeov bid , but analyst wrongli predict the offer wa from anoth courier compani . hutton lbo , a wholli own subsidiari of e.f. hutton group inc , will be major owner of the compani . hutton said the acquir compani , pc acquisit inc , is pay 35 dlr cash per share for 83 pct of purol 's stock in a tender offer to begin thursday . the rest of the share will be purchas for secur and warrant to buy stock in a subsidiari of pc acquisit , contain purol 's u.s. courier oper . if all the share of purol are tender , sharehold would receiv for each share 29 dlr cash , six dlr in debentur , and a warrant to buy share in a subsidiari of pc acquisit contain the u.s. courier oper . hutton said in the merger sharehold would get 46 mln dlr aggreg amount of guarante debentur due 2002 of pc acquisit and warrant to buy 15 pct of the common stock of the pc courier subsidiari . hutton said the compani ha valu the warrant at two to three dlr per share . purol 's stock price close at 35.125 dlr on friday . while some analyst estim the compani wa worth in the mid 30 , at least one said it would be worth 38 to 42 dlr . thi follow sale of two other purol unit . it agre recent to sell it canadian courier unit to onex capit for 170 mln dlr , and previous sold it auto filter busi . purol retain it stant divis , which make closur cap for radiat and ga tank . a hutton spokesman said the firm is review it option on stant . purol 's courier busi ha been lag that of it u.s. rival becaus of the high price it paid in the past sever year to add air deliveri to it ground fleet . e.f. hutton will provid 279 mln dlr of it fund to complet the transact . thi so-cal `` bridg '' financ will be replac later with long-term debt most like in the form of bank loan , hutton said . hutton lbo is commit to keep the courier busi , it presid warren idsal said . `` purol lost 120 mln dlr over the last two year larg due to u.s. courier oper , which we believ the manag is turn around . we beliv it will be a veri seriou competitor in the futur , '' said idsal . william taggart , chief execut offic of u.s. courier divis , will be chief execut offic of the new compani . the tender offer will be condit on a minimum of two third of the common stock be tender and not withdrawn to the expir of the offer as well as certain other condit . the offer will begin thursday , subject to clearanc from the staff of the interst commerc commiss and will expir 20 busi day after commenc unless extend .