energy/foreign investor lure by the weaken dollar and the convict that oil price are pois for a rebound , european energi compani are buy up cheap u.s. oil and ga reserv to replenish their suppli , oil industri analyst said . they said own oil reserv in a polit stabl unit state is good insur against futur shortag . howev , the quick pace of foreign invest ha heat up competit among european firm , well-heel u.s. institut investor and major oil compani to snare choic domest oil properti . strevig and associ , a houston firm that track oil and ga reserv sale , said grow interest among foreign buyer had help push reserv price in recent month higher . all buyer of u.s. reserv paid a median price of 6.45 dlr a barrel of oil dure the fourth quarter of 1986 for acquisit , up from 5.33 dlr in the third quarter and five dlr in the second quarter , accord to the firm 's research . `` foreign investor have been here nibbl a long time , but we 're see new name and smaller compani come in , '' said arthur smith , an oil properti apprais specialist and presid of john s. herold inc in greenwich , conn. `` european , especi , do not have much indigen oil and ga and realiz the tide will eventu turn in favor of the organ of petroleum export countri , '' he ad . smith and other oil industri analyst and economist believ the trend in foreign invest will continu in 1987 becaus of the fall in valu of the u.s. dollar , the percept that oil price have hit bottom and the fact that it is cheaper to buy new reserv than to explor for them . plenti of properti are avail on the market , thank to the need of mani compani to rais cash for debt payment and gener restructur throughout the oilpatch . in two of the biggest transact of recent month , french-own minatom corp. , a unit of & lt ; total compagni francais de petrol > , spent more than 230 mln dlr to separ acquir oil asset of texa intern & lt ; teicc > and lear petroleum partner & lt ; lpp > . a spokesman for minatom said the compani is search for addit acquisit . a partnership of two belgian-own firm , & lt ; petrofina s.a. > and & lt ; cometra oil s.a. > paid 150 mln dlr late last year to buy virtual all the explor asset of the william co & lt ; wmb > , the oklahoma pipelin firm . but japanes investor prefer enter into joint ventur with experienc u.s. compani to explor for new oil . japan' & lt ; nippon oil > is a partner of texaco inc 's & lt ; tx > texaco usa in a 100 mln dlr u.s. drill program , and ha join with dupont 's & lt ; dd > conoco inc in a similar 135 dlr mln deal . most buyer said the pay-back period of a properti , it geograph locat and the lift cost of the crude oil are more import factor in evalu potenti acquisit than reli on a simpl price-per-barrel formula . rich hodg , a houston-bas land manag repres intern oil and ga corp , a partnership of & lt ; preussag corp > and & lt ; c. deilmann inc > of west germani , said the firm had earmark at least 50 mln dlr to spend on oil reserv in texa , oklahoma or louisiana in the come month . but he call that a small amount compar to the amount other investor have for acquisit . painewebb 's geodyn energi incom fund , for exampl , ha said it plan to spend up to 300 mln dlr on oil and ga properti . `` the competit is stiff , not onli from other foreign investor but from the brokerag hous and u.s. oil compani , '' he said . `` our compani is shop around becaus we feel it 's substanti less riski than pure explor . if you 're go to take the risk inher in explor , you need price higher than the current market , '' he ad . in addit to the foreign investor and u.s. brokerag hous , analyst said mani of the major oil compani were also compet for prime properti . houston-bas shell oil co , a unit of royal dutch/shel group & lt ; rd > , ha been one of the most activ compani in buy and sell reserv , smith said . sinc 1982 , shell ha acquir two billion dlr in new reserv , includ 470 mln barrel of oil equival at a net cost of 2.80 dlr a barrel , he said . `` buy reserv is a good strategi for most of these compani , '' smith said . `` domest product ha drop by one mln barrel a day becaus of cutback in drill and it may drop by anoth one mln barrel a day in 1988 . ''