sand technolog & lt ; sndcf > mull revers split sand technolog system inc said it is consid a revers stock split of at least one-for-10 and expect to report a second-quart profit , compar to a loss last year . the stock consolid `` is someth we 're discuss , but it 's not definit , '' sand technolog presid jerri shattner told reuter in an interview . a privat placement recent brought the number of outstand share to 106 mln , up from 97.1 mln share on juli 31 , 1986 , the fiscal yearend . `` the compani ha alway had the aura of a penni stock , '' shattner said , ad that sand plan , at some time , to appli for list on the montreal stock exchang . shattner said the compani expect to report a profit of five pct , or about 350,000 dlr , on sale of seven mln dlr , for the second quarter end januari 31. result for the third quarter should be about the same as the second , he ad . last year , sand lost 243,064 dlr on revenu of 7,012,195 dlr in the second quarter . after `` a disastr first quarter , '' sand hope to break even in the current fiscal year , shattner said . the compani ha scale back it sale forecast to about 25 mln dlr , from the 33.5 mln dlr project in decemb . the rapid appreci of the japanes yen against u.s. and canadian dollar last year led to sand 's loss of 2.1 mln dlr , or two ct per share , on sale of 24.9 mln dlr . in the first fiscal quarter thi year , the compani lost 1,350,387 dlr , or one ct per share , on sale of 3,570,585 dlr . shattner believ the compani will post better result thi year due to sever factor . `` last year , one of our biggest problem wa we were buy product in japanes yen . we now buy some product from hitachi in u.s. dollar and the result are start to show up in the second quarter , '' he said . sand technolog sell , under it trademark , comput accessori such as disk drive , solid-st memori enhanc devic and printer manufactur by hitachi ltd & lt ; hit > of japan . shattner said sand 's affili in detroit , st system inc , is develop softwar that let larg manifram comput handl larg databas and share them between applic . it is also distribut a new product call sapien , which is artifici intellig comput languag for use by major corpor . the compani ha also reduc cost through some staff cut and a switch to profit share plan for sale staff instead of straight commiss , shattner said . and sand plan to market a laser printer in the fourth fiscal quarter , shattner said .