japan economi may be near bottom , economist say the worst may be just about over for japan 's batter economi but economist said they do not expect a vigor recoveri anytim soon . japanes bank economist poll by reuter said the economi 's 18 month-old slowdown is like to end in the first half of thi year , help by rise export , stepped-up govern spend and fall price . `` the economi will bottom out in the middl of the year , '' said sumitomo bank ltd chief economist , masahiko koido . industri bank of japan ltd senior economist susumu taketomi agre . `` it ( the bottom ) is in the of , '' he said . but he ad that the recoveri will be slow . growth in the fiscal year begin next month will onli pick-up 2.2 pct , from two pct in the current year , he said . sign that the economi ha just about weather the worst are increas . the volum of export in the first two month of the year rose slightli on a year-on-year basi , after declin toward the end of last year . although thi may be due to extraordinari factor such as a sharp rise in car export to rebuild deplet european stock , sever economist said it could mark the begin of a recoveri . industri product fell 0.7 pct in januari , much smaller than expect , and is forecast by the govern to rise 0.3 pct in februari and 2.6 pct in march . a bank of japan survey releas last week show that the declin in japanes corpor earn may be near it end . and the pari currenc accord last month ha foster hope the rapid yen rise ha come to the end , they said . six nation - the u.k. , canada , franc , japan , the u.s. and west germani - pledg in pari last month to stabilis currenc around current level . the yen 's 40 pct climb against the dollar over the last two year ha hit the export-driven economi hard , by forc it compani to rais price and lose sale in the u.s. market . `` the import thing is the exchang rate , '' taketomi said . if it stabilis firm will grow more confid and rais invest in plant and equip , although there are no sign of that yet , economist said . a stabl yen would also help export regain some of their competit edg just as the u. economi may be start to recov , economist said . domest , the economi may get a boost from some loosen of the govern 's tight fiscal polici said haruo muto , manag of nation econom at the bank of tokyo ltd. the next read of the economi 's health should come earli next week with the releas of gnp figur for the last quarter , 1986. most privat economist expect a rise of about 0.5 pct from the previou quarter . in the third quarter , gnp rose 0.6 pct . but a senior govern offici said the fourth quarter figur could surpris by show a rise of more than one point quarter-on-quart . but he ad that would be a statist aberr and not a signific shift in econom activ . to maintain year-on-year growth of around 2.5 pct , the economi would have had to rise about 1.2 pct in the fourth quarter as the final quarter of 1985 wa strong . the rise in the fourth quarter of 1985 wa probabl a statist anomali that wa repeat in the final month of 1986 , the offici said . economist said the fourth quarter figur were also distort by the govern 's sale of gold coin in the second half of 1986. becaus the coin were classifi as legal tender , their purchas did not show up in the statist on consum expenditur . consum spend also tail off in decemb becaus of bad weather and smaller-than-norm end-year bonus , they said . as the govern had to buy back some of the coin from retail becaus they were unsold , the government' contribut to the economi in the fourth quarter may have been boost , economist said . taketomi said it may have receiv a further boost from govern buy of farm product as the domest crop last year wa good . the senior govern offici said the fourth quarter perform of the domest sector wa probabl wors than gener expect , while that of the extern sector wa better .