no near term brazil coffe move expect the brazilian coffe institut , ibc , is unlik to disclos it futur export polici until the end of next week at the earliest , trade sourc said . ibc presid jorio dauster is meet govern minist , produc , export and market analyst to assess brazil 's posit in the light of the failur of talk in london earlier thi month to set new intern coffe organ , ico , export quota . `` the failur of the talk mean brazil ha got to rethink it posit complet , '' one santo export said . a meet of the nation coffe polici council is set for thursday , march 19 , and dauster will almost certainli explain hi plan to member then befor announc ani new measur . dauster told report on hi return from london last week that no decis would be made on export befor he had held talk with all sector of the industri . export said dauster is not under ani great pressur to start market coffe immedi . world price have been recov from the low which follow the collaps of the ico talk and brazil ha sold a reason 5.5 mln bag of 60 kilo for export in the first four month of thi year . the export said the key factor in the eventu open of may and june export registr will be the amount at which the contribut quota is set . with littl expect of other sale incent mechan such as discount , bonus and price fall guarante be introduc , the level of the quota will be decis in determin the competit of brazilian coffe on world market , they said . they note that on februari 16 , the eve of a plan increas in the quota , april registr were open and close after 1.68 mln bag were regist for export , a record amount for a singl day . if may/jun registr are open under similar condit as befor , brazil would have no difficulti in sell at least 2.0 mln bag per month . `` the problem would be how to limit sale , '' one export said . brazil 's present foreign trade and payment problem mean there are pressur from the govern to boost export to maximis foreign exchang earn . howev , the sourc said they expect the ibc to adopt a market strategi aim at regain brazil 's domin posit as an export , but without caus a price war . gener opinion among export wa that brazil would plan to export between 17 and 18 mln bag thi year of which between 1.5 and 2.0 mln would be to non-memb of the ico . the 15.5 mln to 16 mln bag sold to member would be around the figur brazil had offer to ship if ico quota were reintroduc , although dauster ha said thi offer expir with the breakdown of talk . with the prospect of a crop of at least 28 mln bag thi year , brazil ha the capac to export up to 20 mln bag after meet local consumpt of around 7.0 mln , the sourc ad . howev , the sourc said brazil is unlik even to consid export such quantiti , as thi would almost inevit lead to a fall in world price as brazil tri to encroach on other produc ' market . maximum export earn would be achiev by orderli market of tradit amount , thu re-establish brazil' market share after last year 's unusu low export of 9.9 mln bag , enabl it to rebuild stock and maintain cordial relat with the produc group which back brazil 's stanc at the ico talk , they ad .