u.s. retail sale rise mask weak trend - analyst u.s. retail sale rose sharpli in februari but mani economist said the underli consum spend trend remain weak . februari retail sale jump 4.1 pct , more than the 2.5-3.0 pct rise the financi market had anticip . but january' sale were revis down to a 7.4 pct drop , from a previous report 5.8 pct declin . `` the trend is toward continu spend but certainli at a much more sluggish pace , '' said don maud of midland montagu capit market inc. maud averag out the wide swing in the retail sale data over past four month to show that the pace of consum spend is slow . combin the latest data with a 0.6 pct drop in novemb and a 4.6 pct gain in decemb , the averag retail sale gain over the four month wa 0.2 pct , he said , compar to to a 0.4 pct rise for year-over-year sale through februari . `` you can see a pattern develop , '' maud said . `` i wouldn't be surpris to see a fall-off in march , especi sinc sale probabl wo n't be boost by auto sale as they were in februari . '' despit the weak underli trend , economist were impress by a robust 1.5 pct gain in total sale exclud auto in februari . thi compar to a revis 0.4 pct declin in januari , previous report as a 0.1 pct declin . `` the increas in non-auto sale wa broadbas , with gain in durabl good as well as non-dur , '' note ward mccarthi of merril lynch capit market inc. `` it wa a pretti healthi report . '' he note that build materi rose 1.8 pct in februari after fall 1.7 pct in januari . gener merchandis store sale gain 1.4 pct after a 1.6 pct rise in januari . `` there are sign of life in the economi , '' mccarthi said . `` but it 's jump to conclus to extrapol thi report into the futur . '' a 0.7 pct increas in dispos person incom in januari which may be link to the new tax law probabl help boost spend in februari , he said . `` a lot of peopl may be inadvert under-withhold tax from their paycheck , '' he said . `` when peopl in thi countri get an increas in dispos incom , the inclin is to go out and spend it , '' he said . economist said tomorrow 's releas of u.s. auto sale for the first 10 day of march will be an import indic of how much thi sector will add to first quarter spend . auto sale account for the lion 's share of total februari sale , rise 14.4 pct . thi follow a 27.7 pct drop in januari , previous report as a 22.4 pct fall , due larg to the expir of the sale tax deduct under new tax law januari 1 , the commerc depart note . some economist argu that the becaus the gain in total sale exclud auto also follow a declin in januari , the strength in the februari report is less than impress . `` there is strength in the februari data , but that 's becaus they were compar to low sale level in januari , '' said said beth reiner of dean witter reynold inc. `` we do n't see it as a precursor of continu strength . '' durabl good sale rose 8.8 pct in februari , after fall 17.7 pct in januari . februari non-dur good sale gain 1.3 pct , after declin 0.2 pct in januari . gasolin servic station sale rose two pct in februari , follow a 1.9 pct gain in januari , but economist said higher oil price rather than an increas volum of ga sale probabl account for these gain . reiner also emphas that the trend in consum spend is weaken . total retail sale on averag were 123 billion dlr in the fourth quarter of 1986 , she said . in januari , they fell to a season adjust 117.52 bilion dlr , and in februari rose to 122.29 billion dlr . `` on averag , it look like they 'll total 120 to 121 mln dlr in the first quartrer , '' she said . `` we do n't look at thi as indic that the economi is barrel along . '' `` the number is not realli that problemat for those of us who are construct on the bond market , '' agre elliot platt of donaldsen lufkin and jenrett secur corp. platt doe not forese potenti for tighter monetari polici on the basi of the latest retail sale report . `` the fed is on hold now becaus the data have been so confus , '' he said . `` befor the 337,000 gain in februari non-farm payrol employ , i would have look for a discount rate cut in march , '' he said . `` but now fed offici will have to wait for the first quarter real u.s. gross nation product data in april to sort thing out . ''