pessim mount over bahian temporao cocoa crop pessim over the effect of a prolong dri spell on the come bahian temporao cocoa crop is rise with trade forecast gener in the 2.0 mln to 2.5 mln bag rang against 2.5 mln to 3.0 mln a fortnight ago . trade sourc told reuter from the state capit of salvador that despit scatter rain sinc mid-februari , which broke a six week drought , plantat have not pick up as hope and veri littl cocoa is expect to be gather in the first three month of the may/septemb crop . the sourc said arriv from may through juli might onli reach around 600,000 bag wherea in normal year a figur of 1.0 mln to 1.5 mln bag might be expect . arriv from then should start to pick up sharpli as pod from current flower are gather . howev , the sourc note a late temporao is alway more suscept to pod rot , which flourish if condit turn cold and humid , and which is more like from late juli on . thi year 's crop is doubli suscept becaus poor price mean farmer were not encourag to invest in fertilis and insecticid and are also unlik to treat against pod rot . a sever attack of pod rot can caus the loss of over 500,000 bag in a veri short period , one sourc said . becaus of the increas exposur to pod rot damag , estim of the final outcom of the temporao are extrem vulner and product could easili drop to below the 2.0 mln bag mark if the diseas hit . although flower wa good follow the start of the rain , pod set wa not up to expect , possibl becaus the drought had caus a drop in the insect popul which pollin flower , the sourc said . howev , report from farm indic moistur level are now gener back to near normal level and that current flower and pod set is good , which should result in matur fruit from august through septemb . the sourc said they expect no break in the harvest of bean between the end of the temporao and the begin of the main crop , which offici start on octob 1 . `` the cut-off date is complet artifici . if thing go well from now on we should see heavi harvest without a break from august through novemb or even decemb , '' one said . if predict of a 2.0 to 2.5 mln bag temporao prove accur thi would be below the 2.7 mln bag averag for the past 10 year . the last poor temporao wa in 1984 when prolong drought and later pod rot cut product to 1.79 mln bag , the lowest sinc 1974. good grow condit the follow year produc a temporao of 3.12 mln bag , just below the 1983 3.17 mln bag record , while last year 's output , which also suffer some drought damag , wa 2.77 mln bag . figur for the come temporao might be distort upward by the inclus of undeclar current main crop bean . the sourc said larg quantiti of bean are believ to have been undeclar from thi year 's record total harvest and they were unsur how much of thi would be unregist by the end of the offici crop year on april 30. recent offici arriv figur have been swollen by the inclus of bean which had been deliv previous to port warehous but not declar . becaus of the high turnov of bean thi year , signific amount have deterior becaus they were store too long at the back of warehous . some of these are expect to be held for mix in with earli temporao arriv . with offici arriv figur for the 1986/87 temporao and main crop total over 6.1 mln bag , and over seven week still to go to the end of the year , the total outturn should be at least a record 6.5 mln bag if all product is declar , the sourc said . thi would compar with the previou record set last year of 6.03 mln . howev , there is no way of tell how mani current crop bean will be declar after the may 1 start of the temporao and thu the true size of the 1986/87 harvest may never be offici regist .