chemlawn & lt ; chem > rise on hope for higher bid chemlawn corp & lt ; chem > could attract a higher bid than the 27 dlr per share offer by wast manag inc & lt ; wnx > , wall street arbitrageur said . share of chemlawn shot up 11-5/8 to 29-3/8 in over-the-counter- trade with 3.8 mln of the compani 's 10.1 mln share chang hand by late afternoon . `` thi compani could go for 10 time cash flow or 30 dlr , mayb 32 dollar depend on whether there is a compet bidder , '' an arbitrageur said . wast manag 's tender offer , announc befor the open today , expir march 25 . `` thi is total by surpris , '' said debra strohmaier , a chemlawn spokeswoman . the compani 's board held a regularli schedul meet today and wa discuss the wast manag announc . she said a statement wa expect but it wa not certain when it would be readi . she wa unabl to say if there had been ani prior contact between wast manag and chemlawn offici . `` i think they will resist it , '' said elliott schlang , analyst at prescott , ball and turben inc. `` ani compani that doe n't like a surpris attack would . '' arbitrageur point out it is difficult to resist tender offer for ani and all share for cash . schlang said chemlawn could tri to find a white knight if doe not want to be acquir by wast manag . analyst rosemari morbelli of ingal and snyder said servicemast compani l.p. & lt ; svm > or rollin inc & lt ; rol > were exampl of compani that could be interest . chemlawn , with about two mln custom , is the largest u.s. compani involv in applic of fertil , pesticid and herbicid on lawn . wast manag is involv in remov of wast . schlang said chemlawn 's custom base could be valuabl to anoth compani that want to capit on a strong residenti and commerci distribut system . both schlang and morbelli note that high growth rate had catapult chemlawn 's share price into the mid-30 's in 1983 but the stock languish as the rate of growth slow . schlang said the compani 's profit are concentr in the fourth quarter . in 1986 chemlawn earn 1.19 dlr per share for the full year , and 2.58 dlr in the fourth quarter . morbelli note chemlawn compet with thousand of individu entrepreu who offer lawn and garden care sevic .