allied-lyon see no chang in hiram walker stake allied-lyon plc & lt ; alld.l > and canada' reichmann brother are work well togeth as partner and current do not plan ani chang in their joint ownership of distil hiram walker-gooderham and wort , allied-lyon chairman derrick holden-brown said . allied-lyon got 51 pct control of hiram walker-gooderham last year for about 600 mln u.s. dlr , while the reichmanns' & lt ; gulf canada corp > acquir 49 pct in an out-of-court pact after a hostil battl for the wine and spirit divis of & lt ; hiram walker resourc ltd > . `` we are get along veri well as partner ... i hope there wo n't be ani chang , but there could be , '' holden-brown told report after a speech in toronto . he said allied-lyon ha a two-year call option that could forc gulf canada to sell it 49 pct stake to allied-lyon , and gulf canada ha a two-year put option that could oblig allied-lyon to buy it 49 pct . `` both we and gulf hope veri much there will be no occas for either the put or call to be exercis , '' holden-brown said . in answer to a report 's question , holden-brown said it would be possibl for gulf canada to sell off part of it 49 pct in a public offer with allied-lyon ' consent . `` i don't think we would have ani object to it , '' he ad . allied-lyon maintain control of hiram walker-gooderham' board of director and ha total respons for it manag . `` we can not contempl give up our control , '' he said . holden-brown would not disclos how big a profit contribut the distil will make in allied-lyon ' financi result , but he said `` it will be substanti . '' `` i am not abl to give profit forecast , '' he said . holden-brown said allied-lyon wa abl to financ the hiram walker-gooderham acquisit with cash and borrow , and ha no current plan for a stock issu . he said the compani is not current negoti ani more acquisit in canada but ha a team of offici evalu possibl purchas of wine , spirit , soft drink or food concern . `` i do n't think we shall be look at the breweri scene ( which is ) highli concentr alreadi , '' he ad . holden-brown said allied-lyon plan to list it share on canadian stock exchang , possibl later thi year .