bolivia to offer to buy back bank debt bolivia is to make a formal offer dure the next few month to buy back it 900 mln dlr debt from commerci bank at a discount of up to 90 pct , central bank presid jier nogal said . nogal told reuter in an interview the steer committe of bolivia 's creditor bank had agre to consid the offer at a meet in new york last month . he said the offer would be base on the valu of bolivian paper on the intern secondari debt market , where it now trade at between 10 and 15 pct of it face valu . nogal said bolivia will make a singl offer to buy back it commerci debt and bank who accept would be paid the discount rate in full . bank which declin the offer would be repaid over 20 to 30 year at interest rate below those fix in the intern market , he ad . bolivia ha frozen payment on medium and long term loan to commerci bank sinc march , 1984 , and nogal said there would be no money avail to restart tradit debt servic to them for some time . sever latin american countri have initi scheme to cancel foreign debt by equiti swap or third parti buy-back , but bolivia would be the first countri in the region to make a formal offer to buy back all it commerci bank debt at discount rate . nogal said practic and strateg consider would determin the exact time of the offer but it would be made in the next few month . he said bolivia would not bargain with creditor bank over the price to paid for the debt paper they hold , and would make a singl non-negoti offer . he said bolivia could not even pay interest to friendli creditor countri , let alon commerci bank . the onli tradit way forward wa to capitalis interest , which would mean greater bank exposur in bolivia and greater loss provis , he ad . `` we are confid that the bank are go to be reason , '' nogal said . `` now they can resolv their problem for onc and for all . '' `` the most conserv one who want a littl more will wait a year , but i do n't know if the window of opportun will be open all the time , '' he ad . discuss the statu of other part of bolivia 's four billion dlr foreign debt , 2.5 billion of which is owe to govern and the rest to intern agenc , nogal said negoti had achiev consider success in recent discuss with the pari club . he said pari club creditor had agre to reschedul bolivian debt over 10 year with five to six year grace , while accept that interest would not be paid until 1989. interest rate were be discuss on a bilater basi under pari club rule , he ad . he said some pari club member had agre to disregard penalti interest payment and negoti were continu with argentina and brazil , who hold 700 mln dlr of bolivian debt . he said bolivia wa continu to servic loan from intern agenc , and it expect to receiv up to 400 mln dlr in disburs thi year . the capit flow for loan and their servic had chang from a neg balanc of 250 mln dlr in 1985 to a net inflow of 130 mln dlr last year , he ad . nogal said that bolivia 's net intern reserv now stood at around 250 mln dlr , compar to one mln dlr in dispos fund when the govern of victor paz estenssoro took offic in august , 1985. nogal said inflat , which soar to over 20,000 pct a year in the govern 's first month in offic , wa now down to 10 pct on an annualis basi from the last six month , and the plan wa that it should continu at thi level . he said the govern wa also expect at least three pct growth in gdp thi year after sever year of neg rate .