u.s. offici disagre on reduc budget deficit senior u.s. econom offici disagre on the likelihood the govern can meet it budget deficit reduct target . beryl sprinkel , chairman of the council of econom advis , reiter the reagan administr 's opposit to a tax increas and it pledg to reduc the deficit by cut spend and foster econom growth . by contrast , rudolph penner , director of the congression budget offic , said the budget process ha broken down and the deficit will remain close to 200 billion dlr for fiscal 1987. sprinkel told a symposium sponsor by new york univers that spend could be cut by avoid decis base on the desir to influenc vote and by shift the respons for local project to state govern . he also suggest a line-item veto , which allow the presid to veto part of bill without reject all of it , to limit wast spend . spend and tax decis should be link more close . sprinkel said the administr still look for 2.7 pct growth in u.s. real gross nation product ( gnp ) in 1987 and 3.5 pct in 1988. ask if the latest econom report signal thi rate of econom growth is attain , sprinkel said , `` it look pretti good to me . we 've had two veri strong employ report . '' he also said feder reserv polici is appropri , ad , `` it look like they 're on track . '' while further reduct are need in the trade deficit , sprinkel said the lower dollar is have an impact . the new 1987 tax law will not hurt the economi and the tax reform act of 1986 significantli lower tax rate and will greatli increas privat product incent , he said . `` our estim at the council of econom advis suggest nation net output of good and servic will perman increas by approxim two pct becaus of the long-run consequ of tax reform , '' sprinkel said . `` in 1986 , thi would have amount to an increas of approxim 600 dlr in the incom of the averag american famili . '' sprinkel also argu the 1981 tax cut were not respons for the larg increas in the budget deficit . in fiscal 1986 end septemb , feder spend amount to 23.8 pct of gnp , while feder receipt absorb 18.5 pct of gnp , leav a deficit of 5.3 pct , he said . sprinkel said that , compar with fiscal 1978 , the 1986 feder expenditur share of gnp is 2.7 percentag point higher and the revenu share of gnp is virtual the same . `` contrari to the convent wisdom , therefor , the 1981 tax cut is not the root caus of the extraordinari budget deficit of the past few year , '' sprinkel said . `` thi tax cut mere roll back the inflation-induc tax increas that occur between 1978 and 1981 , '' he ad . howev , the congression budget offic 's rudolph penner argu that the tax cut in 1981 wa misguid . `` sinc make the big mistak in 1981 of cut tax enorm without ani plan to decreas spend by the administr or congress , inde with increas in defenc spend , now all the option ( for reduc the budget deficit ) are unpleas , '' he said . penner said the tax cut result from the ideolog turmoil in the u.s. caus by the `` biggest sustain inflat in our nation 's histori , '' which help foster widespread distrust of govern . `` the american peopl turn on the govern with tax revolt at the state level and new demand on the govern at the nation level , '' penner said . `` but their dislik of tax exceed their gener dislik of spend program . now the correct of that 1981 mistak demand that the system chang a lot . '' penner see littl hope the gramm-rudman-hol budget deficit reduct target will be met and said the deficit will remain at roughli 200 billion dlr thi year . he said a budget process that set target arbitrarili is not like to succeed . `` i feel pretti safe in say that ani process that tri to dictat a numer outcom from abov is doom to fail simpli becaus there 's no ... way to enforc it , '' penner said . penner question the method by which the 1987 budget deficit wa cut . he said 18 to 19 billion dlr were elimin by one-tim measur , such as a temporari increas in tax relat to tax reform and sale of govern asset . `` anoth four billion dlr wa cut by what i call creativ time chang , like move the militari payday from the last day of fiscal 1987 to the first day of fiscal 1988. that save more than two billion dlr , '' penner said .