mobil & lt ; mob > capit expenditur lower in 1987 mobil corp chairman allen e. murray said in the annual report issu today that the compani 's total 1987 capit expenditur would be lower than the three billion dlr spent in 1986 . `` overal capit and explor expenditur will fall slightli below the level for 1986 although we 'll be readi to increas spend whenev the outlook becom more promis , '' murray said . mobil data in the annual report show capit expenditur have been cut everi year sinc 1984 's 3.6 billion dlr to 3.5 billion dlr in 1985. murray told sharehold that despit the cut `` the compani ha promis acreag to explor as well as major oil and ga reserv to develop in the u.s. , canada , europ , africa and indonesia . over the past two week mobil ha announc restructur of it domest explor and develop organ and thi week a restructur of it oil servic unit , which support the new affili . `` mobil 's chairman ha explain thi chang by say we need a leaner organ to get more effici usag from our asset , '' said john lord , a mobil corp spokesman . murray said in announc the first reorgan , which will combin it current three explor and produc affili into one organ , mobil explor and product u.s. inc , that it is more effect than the present organ and will improv the compani 's upstream competit posit . yesterday the compani said that it will restructur it mobil explor and produc servic inc , mepsi , to enhanc the develop and transfer of technolog support critic area of explor , drill , resevoir manag and comput system . earn from mobil 's upstream oper in 1986 were 827 mln dlr , down 54 pct from the previou year 's 1.8 billion dlr in earn . mobil 's strategi in the explor and product sector will be to give most attent to explor possibl with the greatest long term potenti , the compani said . in it annual report , mobil said that thi will includ greater emphasi on `` frontier play that , although riskier , fit our strength of technolog and size ... thi probabl also mean a shift toward emphasi in the foreign area sinc select oversea explor offer greater potenti . ''