u.k. and germani lead attack on ec farm reform britain and west germani told their european commun partner they would strongli oppos major element of propos to rid the ec of it farm surplus . at a meet of ec foreign minist , britain call for a full debat on a propos tax on edibl oil and fat that ha alreadi anger ec consum group and unleash washington-l protest from export to the ec , diplomat said . west germani , also oppos to the oil and fat tax , will advis the meet formal later today it can not counten other propos that could hit german farmer , they ad . they said west germani 's object were put in a letter thi weekend from chancellor helmut kohl to jacqu delor , the presid of the ec 's execut commiss which had put forward the propos last month in a bid to avoid a new ec cash crisi . kohl reiter german object to propos cereal product curb but reserv hi harshest critic for a propos dismantl of monetari compensatori amount ( mca ) - a system of cross-bord subsidi and tax which level out foreign exchang fluctuat for farm export . kohl made clear the dismantl would mainli hit german farmer who , without mca , would find it much more difficult to export to weaker currenc state , which mean virtual all other 11 ec state , diplomat said . britain initi the discuss on the propos to impos a hefti tax on domest and import oil and fat becaus it could serious damag ec trade relat . the diplomat said the unit state had been the most outspoken among foreign critic of the propos , describ it as a breach of the ec 's oblig under the world trade bodi gatt . but protest had also come from other export to the ec , such as seneg , malaysia , indonesia , brazil , argentina , iceland and norway , they ad . britain ha often line up against west germani on the farm reform issu in the past but is keen to avoid measur that could spark a damag trade war with the u.s. foreign minist were unlik to take a decis on either the oil and fat tax or the mca propos today , diplomat said . but their discuss should make clear that neither ha a chanc of surviv when it come up for substant consider by ec farm minist later thi month , they ad .