econom spotlight - em mark eighth birthday the european monetari system mark it eighth anniversari still vulner to turmoil in world money market despit creat an island of currenc rate stabil in europ , economist say . but mani economist say the system , which hold eight european commun currenc within narrow fluctuat band , remain in it infanc . it new currenc , the european currenc unit ( ecu ) , ha been a runaway success with investor and borrow alik seek an altern to the volatil dollar . and on wednesday , the long term vision of the ecu as europ 's common currenc took a step nearer to becom realiti when belgium mint the world 's first ecu coin . but economist say member such as west germani have so far block a second stage of develop envisag by the system' found father , ex-west german chancellor helmut schmidt and former french presid valeri giscard d'esta . under thi phase , origin due to have start two year after the em wa set up , decision-mak wa to have been transfer from nation govern and central bank to an autonom european monetari fund . but member have jealous guard their sovereignti in econom and monetari matter . `` the basic problem of the em is that govern are not prepar to make the quantum leap to a situat where certain decis are taken in common , '' said one economist who ha close watch the system 's develop . the result is that the ec is often divid over polici on third currenc , accentu what the economist say is the system 's greatest weak , it vulner to a weak dollar . over the past 18 month , as the u.s. dollar plung and investor move into strong currenc , the result sharp rise of the west german mark sever strain the system . anoth frustrat ha been britain 's failur to lend the em polit support by keep the pound , still a major world currenc , outsid the system . no chang in the british govern 's attitud is expect befor the countri 's next gener elect , due by mid-1988 . meanwhil , the system 's last realign , the 11th sinc it wa set up , prompt european financ minist to ask the ec' highly-secret monetari committe and committe of central bank governor to come up with suggest for reinforc it . their idea are due to be unveil when financ minist hold an inform meet in belgium earli next month . but economist said the propos are unlik to involv more than tinker with technic detail . they are sceptic about the chanc for ani fundament chang . `` technic measur wo n't be enough to protect the em against extern factor such as dollar weak . for that we must take the step forward to the institut level , '' said leo de corel of kredietbank 's econom research depart . economist say the system 's fortun now will depend larg on the success of an agreement last month among major industri nation to stabilis exchang rate . if the dollar resum it slide the em could be in for more turbul , they predict .