spain to relax exchang control the bank of spain is relax exchang control to help put spanish bank on an equal foot with european commun competitor by the 1993 deadlin for the end of restrict , a central bank spokesman said . `` the measur to take effect by june were design to lift restrict on foreign currenc oper , in line with deregul in the bank industri , '' he said in a telephon interview . the spokesman said the relax of exchang control highlight a broader packag of reform announc last friday . the central bank said in a statement the measur includ increas provis for high-risk borrow and a provis for futur pension fund oblig . it said the measur were the latest step to deregul spain 's financi sector , a move trigger by entri into the commun last year . spain ha five year to complet bank deregul , a process that began in 1978 when the govern allow foreign bank to open branch . sinc then 39 foreign bank have come into the market and they now control about 15 pct of the system 's lend asset . resid in spain can now borrow freeli in foreign currenc up to the equival of 1.5 billion peseta against a previou ceil of 750 mln peseta . the 750 mln peseta limit wa set last march . between that date and the end of last year some 430 mln dlr flow into the countri on new foreign currenc loan . the central bank spokesman said oper over 1.5 billion peseta were technic subject to authoris , but would be given clearanc if the govern fail to act in 15 day . spanish bank will also be allow to expand their foreign currenc fund , formerli obtain through deposit , by issu certif of deposit , bond and commerci paper . they can also employ these fund to invest in foreign issu , while befor they had to be convert into deposit . foreign exchang oper can be in mix currenc , instead of have to borrow and lend in the same currenc . the central bank ha also lift the restrict on the amount of foreign exchang loan , which previous were limit to three time a bank 's capit equiti . the latest deregul measur were welcom by most banker , in contrast to rule issu earlier thi month which impos a 19 pct reserv requir on new convert peseta fund held by bank and freed short term deposit rate . the reserv requir , which wa alreadi in place on normal peseta deposit , wa intend to curb short-term foreign specul capit which is enter the countri and threaten the govern 's money suppli growth target . a foreign banker said high reserv requir , which now account for about 30 pct of deposit , place spanish bank at a disadvantag with european competitor . the govern reduc fix asset invest requir to 11 pct from 23 pct to help offset the neg impact of interest rate deregul . `` the real problem is the free of interest rate , '' the banker said . `` thi is go to take a big bite out of profit . '' the rule lift a six pct ceil on interest rate paid on deposit of up to 180 day . the chairman of one of spain 's lead bank said the measur wa expect to bring a 20 pct drop in profit thi year .