brazil say debt crisi is world problem brazilian financ minist dilson funaro said hi countri 's foreign debt crisi could onli be solv by chang in the intern financi system . speak to a busi confer he said `` it is not brazil that ha to make adjust with the imf ( intern monetari fund ) . it is the intern financi commun that is take away resourc from the develop countri . '' `` the crisi is not in brazil , a countri that ha had the third biggest trade surplu ... in the past two year brazil had remit 24 billion dlr in debt servic and receiv onli two billion in fresh fund , '' he ad . funaro said that dure hi recent trip to the u.s. , europ and japan to explain brazil 's decis last month to suspend interest payment on 68 billion dlr of commerci debt , he stress the countri 's commit to growth . `` we need to and will make the effort ( to solv the debt problem ) but we can not make an effort that mean we stop grow , '' he said , ad that polit and not pure commerci solut were need to the debt crisi . brazil , whose 108 billion dlr foreign debt is the largest in the develop world , ha been under pressur from offici and privat creditor to work out an econom adjust program with the imf to combat rocket inflat and foreign payment problem . presid jose sarney 's govern ha repeatedli refus to approach the fund , argu that an imf programm would lead to recess . funaro said that in hi talk with creditor he had tri to restor credibl in the countri in the hope of find a last solut to the debt problem . `` we are negoti so that the debt question should not be one of continu crisi . '' to sustain intern growth brazil would have to import more machineri and equip thi year and export fewer raw materi . the countri wa thu target a fall in thi year 's trade surplu to 8.0 billion dlr from 1986 's 9.5 billion . domest , funaro said economi had led to a reduct in the public sector deficit to 2.7 pct of gross domest product in 1986 , the lowest for mani year and that thi should fall to 1.5 pct thi year .