royal trust plot aggress global expans & lt ; royal trustco ltd > , in a move uniqu among canadian trust compani , is pursu a bold global expans that could someday lift the foreign share of it yearli earn to 50 pct , presid michael cornelissen said . first marathon secur ltd financi servic analyst michael walsh said royal trust 's intern growth target is attain . but it `` will be a tremend achiev becaus ... they 're go to have to build an intern earn base larger than the earn of a lot of signific domest trust compani , '' walsh said . global oper , which made up 22 pct of royal trust' 154 mln dlr 1986 net profit , will post 33 pct profit growth thi year against an expect 15 pct jump in total compani profit , cornelissen told reuter in an interview . he said the foreign share of total profit would rise to 26 pct in 1987 and to 44 pct by 1990. royal trust , canada 's second largest trust compani with asset of about 19.54 billion canadian dlr , ha oper intern sinc 1929 when it open a london bank . it aggress global strategi began in the 1980 , when other canadian trust , the equival of u.s. save and loan , were focus on domest retail bank . the compani 's oversea ambit were whet by heighten domest competit and impress growth at it london bank oper , which attain full british bank power in 1980 , cornelissen said . last year , royal trust move into continent europ and asia with it 239 mln canadian dlr acquisit of dow chemic co & lt ; dow > 's dow financi servic corp , which includ asset manag , merchant and privat bank compani . `` it wa a heaven-s opportun , '' cornelissen said of the dow financi acquisit . `` we achiev in one year what would otherwis have taken five to 10 year to set up . '' cornelissen stress that royal trust would shun direct competit with major global financi institut in activ such as intern lend and stock brokerag , in order to exploit `` profit nich '' oversea in tradit trust activ such as asset manag , privat bank and advisori servic . he said that royal trust hope to complet negoti `` befor the end of thi month '' to sell it london-bas savori milln brokerag , acquir in the dow financi deal . `` the intern market is so big and we have such a miniscul share of it that growth opportun are realli limit onli by our energi and our desir to find more busi , '' he said , ad that in trust-typ servic , `` we do n't think the intern market are well-serv . '' aid royal trust 's foreign growth are greater foreign invest interest in north america and increas canadian invest abroad , cornelissen said . central to royal trust 's strategi is asia , boast rapid econom growth and huge pool of japanes capit , said cornelissen , whose compani administ asset of 71.85 billion dlr , more than ani other canadian trust . cite statist indic that by the year 2000 , asia will contain two-third of the world 's popul and 50 pct of global product capac , cornelissen said , `` we knew we had to be there . '' royal trust 's 14 intern locat includ offic in tokyo , hong kong and singapor . the compani also recent list it share on the tokyo stock exchang . the royal trust presid said the compani wa stress growth within it oversea unit , ad he did not forese ani acquisit in the `` immedi futur , '' although `` we have our eye wide open for the right opportun . '' ask about royal trust 's plan for the u.s. , which the compani abandon with the 1983 sale of it florida bank unit , cornelissen said the compani face a trust servic market well cover by hundr of small region bank . `` that doe n't mean to say we should n't be in the u.s. , '' said cornelissen . `` that is probabl one area that we will probabl do someth with in the next five year . '' he said the compani would continu to emphas it home canadian market , which cornelissen and financi servic analyst agre would remain vital to royal trust . propos govern regul to allow canadian bank , trust , insur and secur dealer full particip in one anoth 's actitivi will mean more domest competit for royal trust , `` but not drastic more , '' cornelissen said .