trade interest readi for battl in u.s. hous u.s. lawmak are gear up for a showdown between protectionist and free trader as a major trade bill wind it way through committe to a vote by the full hous of repres in late april . in a move to toughen u.s. enforc of trade law , a key hous subcommitte last week approv a toned-down version of legisl to requir presid reagan to retali against foreign countri that follow unfair trade practic . the bill will be the cornerston of congression effort to restor competit of american industri and turn around last year 's record 169 billion dlr trade deficit . gener , the bill 's provis toughen u.s. enforc of trade law . the trade bill forc the administr to act rapidli on complaint of unfair trade practic , such as dump product in the unit state at price below cost of product . it also forc the administr to act rapidli when an industri complain that a surg in import threaten it exist . in write the bill , the subcommitte reject call for trade relief for specif industri such as textil . sever lawmak have argu the new trade bill made too mani concess to reagan and said they intend to back amend to `` get tough '' with countri that violat trade agreement or keep out u.s. product . but congressmen known for their allegi to free trade said the bill tie reagan 's hand too much in trade disput and they will seek to restor hi negoti power . bill frenzel , r-mi. , said the subcommitte 's bill wa not one `` that a free trader like me could endors in all respect , '' but he emphas there wa a consensu among lawmak to work toward a bill reagan and republican would ultim endors . the goal of trade legisl wa `` to make our trade polici stronger without violat our intern trade agreement , '' he said . in a key concess made at the urg of way and mean committe chairman dan rostenkowski , d-il. , the trade subcommitte back off a requir that would have forc reagan to impos automat quota or tariff on import from countri that engag in unfair trade practic . it also agre the presid may waiv ani retali if it would hurt the u.s. economi . rostenkowski insist the more moder approach wa necessari if the hous want to pass a bill reagan would sign into law . reagan last year block senat consider of a tough hous trade bill he brand as protectionist and thi year he onli reluctantli agre to support a trade bill when he saw democrat leader were determin to pass such legisl . white hous spokesman marlin fitzwat told report late last week that the administr still did not like some of the bill 's provis , but he ad , `` gener we feel veri good about the bipartisan consider of the trade legisl . i think we are progress veri well . '' the first battl will take place next week when the full hous way and mean committe consid an amend by rep. richard gephardt , d-mo. , to forc countri like japan , south korea and taiwan to cut their trade surplus with the u.s. the subcommitte limit the gephardt plan to provid onli that the exist of a larg trade surplu with the unit state will trigger an investig of unfair trade practic , but would not automat set off retali . organ labor ha press lawmak for more relief from import where job have been lost to foreign competit . afl-cio presid lane kirkland thi year anger the administr when he said ani trade bill reagan would sign would not be worth passag in congress . but rostenkowski set the tone of the trade debat by say , `` i 'm not tri to write legisl to pleas lane kirkland . i 'm tri to write legisl that will be sign by the presid . '' rep. ed jenkin ( d-ga. ) intend to push separ a bill to protect the domest textil and shoe industri , an aid said . reagan veto a similar measur last year . hous speaker jim wright of texa , one of the most influenti propon of aid for specif industri beset by low-pric foreign competit , last week renew hi call for import relief for the domest oil industri and announc hi support for a senat plan to trigger a temporari oil import tariff when import reach half of domest consumpt .