soybean group meet with lyng to discuss loan a high-level meet last week which includ the secretari of agricultur and other senior usda offici , along with leader of the major soybean lobbi group , fail to reach ani decis on what should be done about the soybean loan level , particip at the meet told reuter . `` we did n't feel a lot wa accomplish last week , but we were delight to meet with the secretari , and he did n't close the door on anyth , '' a member of the soybean deleg said . at issu is the current soybean loan and the fact that at the present level of 4.77 dlr ( without gramm-rudman reduct ) it encourag foreign soybean product by make soybean more profit to grow than corn . but while recogn that soybean are price too high in relat with corn , soybean group have pledg their support to maintain current price support for soybean grower . leader of the american soybean associ and the nation soybean processor associ offer specif loan option to usda secretari lyng in last week 's meet , but particip would not reveal what those option were . `` there were no surpris in our packag , '' one particip said . bandi about for sever week ha been the idea of offer produc soybean loan partial in cash and in certif . the most prevail scheme would be to pay a 4.77 loan with 77 ct worth of soybean-specif certif which would not have to be paid back and the remain four dlr in cash . thi would have the effect of lower the world price , maintain domest support level and reduc the govern 's soybean inventori . a market loan for soybean wa not discuss at last week 's meet , particip said . one member of the soybean deleg said that the meet wa a `` listen session '' for usda , and that the propos will now be studi further by the depart . usda offici , howev , would not commit to ani time frame . particip in the meet do not look for chang in the soybean loan to be announc in the near futur . `` usda is veri sensit about say anyth that could influenc the market , so the secretari wa veri non-committ , '' a particip said .