ec commiss defend farm program the european commun 's ( ec ) execut commiss defend attack on major element of it ambiti program to rid the ec of it controversi farm surplus , after strong attack from northern state . britain and west germani , back by the netherland and denmark , oppos a propos tax on edibl oil and fat which ha alreadi spark strong protest from export to the ec led by the u.s. and from ec consum group , diplomat said . but ec agricultur commission fran andriessen told journalist he had warn minist that failur to agre the tax , propos last month as part of the commiss 's annual farm price packag , would leav a larg hole in the group' budget . he ad that he hope state had not yet made their mind up for good . `` i hope the debat is still open , if not there will be a formid hole in the budget , '' he said . the shortfal could reach two billion dollar in 1988 and would be onli slightli less thi year , he said . foreign minist were take a first look at the tax ahead of farm minist in a move describ by diplomat as unpreced and welcom by andriessen as a sign minist recognis the import of reform the ec 's farm polici . the propos tax is design to provid the ec with extra cash to financ commun oilse crop at their current level and to brake a dramat decreas in oliv oil consumpt by make it more competit with other oil . andriessen note the ec ha over two mln oliv oil produc , mostli small farmer , who could be help by the tax . `` what we are suggest is reason , it should be better understood not just outsid the commun but at home , '' he said . britain , normal a keen advoc of radic chang in the ec 's costli farm subsidi system , warn the propos to impos the tax on both domest and import oil and fat could serious damag the ec 's trade relat with other countri . britain also warn that the tax could hit develop countri alreadi receiv aid from the ec , they said . the commiss also defend propos to dismantl monetari compensatori amount ( mca ) -- a system of cross border subsidi and tax to level out foreign exchang fluctuat for farm export -- against harsh west german critic . in a letter thi weekend from chancellor helmut kohl to ec execut commiss presid , jacqu delor , kohl made clear such a dismantl would mainli hit west german farmer . diplomat said west germani again repeat it critic at the talk here but andriessen told journalist that germani had been alon in it opposit . the question wa a key aspect of the commiss 's farm price propos , he ad . minist also agre a 3.5 billion dlr scheme to rid the ec of it butter mountain , despit spanish and portugues opposit . the scheme will pay for the dispos of one mln tonn of unwant butter , by sell it at knock-down price , turn it into anim feed or export it at subsidis price . nation capit are due to be reimburs later out of save from anoth plan to curb milk product . diplomat said spain and portug have been anger by the scheme , which they feel forc them to pay for massiv surplus built up befor they join the commun last year , but the two countri did not block today 's vote .