japan say u.s.-japan microchip pact work japanes offici sought to convinc the u.s. that a u.s.-japan pact on microchip trade is work ahead of an april 1 deadlin set by the u.s. for them to prove their case . `` we are implement the agreement in good faith and the situat doe not run counter to the pact , '' osamu watanab , director of the ministri of intern trade and industry' ( miti ) america and ocean divis , told foreign report . `` the effect of the measur we have taken and are take are emerg in the market place , '' he said . u.s. trade offici have repeatedli accus japanes microchip maker of violat the pact by continu to sell at below cost in market outsid japan and the unit state . the agreement , sign last septemb , aim at halt predatori japanes price polici and increas u.s. semiconductor firm ' access to the japanes market . the comment by miti offici follow a call by prime minsit yasuhiro nakason to clear up ani misunderstand on the u.s. side about the pact , watanab said . yukio honda , director of miti 's industri electron divis , deni that japanes chipmak were sell at below cost in third countri . miti 's call to japanes chip maker last month to cut product of key memori chip in the first quarter of thi year ha begun to dri up the sourc of cheap chip for sale in the non-regul grey market , honda said . `` the grey market export from japan are shrink now , but in contrast u.s. and south korean compani are expand market share becaus of their cheaper price , '' honda said . miti plan to take further step to reduc the excess suppli of inexpens chip which develop in japan after the pact wa form becaus of a slump in japanes semiconductor export to the unit state , he ad . the ministri will soon releas it supply-demand guidelin for the second quarter and suggest product volum are like to be lower than that for the first quarter , he said . despit businessmen 's ingenu in find way around ani artifici control , regul of suppli and demand should bring posit result , watanab said . `` i am optimist , '' he ad .