economist see sluggish japanes economi ahead the japanes economi will remain sluggish in the month ahead after turn in it worst perform for 12 year in 1986 , privat economist said . consum spend , a main drive forc of domest demand , wa like to remain lacklustr although brisk hous and busi invest would help sustain the economi thi year , the economist said . they said they were shock by an econom plan agenc report today that privat spend fell 0.7 pct in the oct/dec quarter for the first time in 12 year . the report said japan 's gross nation product rose a real 0.8 pct in oct/dec after a revis 0.7 pct increas in the previou quarter . it said gnp growth for 1986 wa a real 2.5 pct , down from 4.7 pct in 1985. agenc offici said thi wa the worst perform sinc 1974 when gnp contract 1.4 pct in the wake of the first oil crisi . they express concern about the 0.7 pct declin in consum spend in the final quarter of 1986 but said it wa onli temporari as except warm winter weather had depress retail sale . but most privat economist disagre and said consum were like to remain pessimist in come month as they saw their real incom level off . `` sure , consum may have spent less on winter cloth or heat apparatu becaus of the warm winter thi year , but they have done so becaus they have becom even more uneasi about their futur pay rise , '' said shoji saito , gener manag of mitsui bank 's econom research divis . he said the outlook for pay increas wa gloomi becaus of fall employ in mani industri , particularli those hit hard by the yen 's rise . masao suzaki , senior economist at the bank of tokyo , said weaken consum confid wa the most worri factor . without brisk consum spend , japan can hardli achiev domest gener econom growth as the govern ha put a lid on fiscal measur , he said . other economist said the 0.8 pct growth regist in oct/dec may have been inflat by special factor , includ except heavi spend in the public sector . johsen takahashi , chief economist at mitsubishi research institut , said the 14.4 pct increas in public sector spend in oct/dec result from an issu of gold coin . `` thi is just a one-shot spend and we ca n't expect that high level of public-sector consumpt in the follow quarter , '' takahashi said . agenc offici said public spend would have risen 1.1 pct in oct/dec without the issu , which mark 60 year of emperor hirohito 's reign . takahashi said the economi might contract in the current quarter given the lack of addit signific govern spend and sluggish consum spend . saito said the most effect govern action would be incom tax cut and the postpon beyond next januari of a propos controversi sale tax .