u.k. budget see 1987 gdp growth at three pct chancellor of the exchequ nigel lawson , present hi budget for fiscal 1987/88 to parliament , said u.k. econom growth wa forecast at three pct in calendar 1987. he said the treasuri expect a current account balanc of payment deficit in 1987 of 2.5 billion stg , after a 1.1 billion shortfal in 1986. inflat is expect to be 4.0 pct at the end of thi year , lawson said . `` as i forecast in the autumn statement , inflat may continu to edg up for a time , perhap exceed 4.5 pct by the summer , befor fall back to 4.0 pct by the end of the year , '' he ad . turn to the public sector borrow requir ( psbr ) , lawson said the like outturn for fiscal 1986/87 wa 4.0 billion stg , or 1.0 pct of gdp . the plan psbr for 1987/88 wa set at 4.0 billion stg . on monetari polici , lawson confirm the target rang for the narrow m0 measur would be two to six pct in fiscal 1987/88 . no explicit target wa set for the broad sterl m3 aggreg , he said . `` but broad money will continu to be taken into account in assess monetari condit , as of cours will the exchang rate , '' the chancellor told parliament . lawson said the low outturn of the psbr in 1986/87 `` is chiefli attribut to the remark buoyanc of non-oil tax revenu in gener , and the corpor tax paid by an increasingli profit busi sector in particular . '' on oil price , lawson said he wa stick to hi earlier assumpt that north sea crude price will averag 15 dlr per barrel in calendar 1987. he said `` it is clear that the increas flow of non-oil tax revenu , coupl with the prospect further growth of the economi in excess of the growth of public expenditur , put the public financ in a veri strong posit . '' lawson said the treasuri would strive to keep the psbr at 1.0 pct of gdp in futur . `` we have reach what i judg to be the ( medium term financi strategi 's ) appropri destin - a psbr of 1.0 pct of gdp . my aim will be to keep it there over the year ahead , '' lawson said . `` inevit , thi greatli diminish the scope i have thi year for reduc the burden of taxat , which of cours remain a major object of govern polici . '' `` but i am sure it is right to err on the side of prudenc and caution , and to build a still firmer base for the futur . '' lawson said the time had come to strike the exchang control act from the statut book . on corpor tax , he said the rate will remain unchang at 35 pct in 1987/88 . but compani ' capit gain will be charg at the `` appropri corpor tax rate . '' he said that under the new propos system , compani should be abl to set advanc capit tax ( act ) payment against tax on capit gain . `` taken togeth , these chang should yield 60 mln stg in 1988/89 , '' lawson said . lawson said he will propos that all compani and build societi be treat the same way on payment of corpor tax , `` with all liabl to pay corpor tax nine month after the end of the account period on which the tax is due . '' `` i also propos to legisl now to pave the way for a new method of collect corpor tax , to be known as pay and file . '' thi would be part of a wider programm of streamlin tax collect , and would not come into forc until the earli 1990 . lawson said he plan two relief on petroleum revenu tax ( prt ) . as from today , compani may elect to have up to 10 pct of the cost of develop certain new field set against their ( prt ) liabil in exist field , until the incom of those new field exce the cost incur . second , there will be a new relief against prt for spend on research into u.k. oil extract that is not relat to ani particular field . on busi employ , lawson said employ will receiv tax relief for retrain worker . lawson said that in futur , trader regist for valu ad tax ( vat ) would be abl to choos to account for the tax on the basi of cash paid and receiv . small busi may account for vat annual instead of quarterli . the vat compulsori registr period wa be extend to 30 day , he ad , and vat registr threshold are to be rais to 21,300 stg . new measur are plan to combat vat avoid , he ad . the capit gain tax retir relief limit would now be set at 125,000 stg . lawson said he propos to chang the law so that compani in multin group with dual resid will no longer be abl to secur tax relief twice on the same interest payment . the chang will take effect on april 1 , 1987 , but `` genuin trade compani '' will not be affect . he also plan to end the present treatment of tax credit relief for foreign withhold tax paid on interest on bank loan , also from april 1 . `` in futur , bank will be abl to offset thi tax credit onli against tax on the profit on the relev loan , '' he said . the standard rate of taxat is be reduc by two penc , to 27 pct from 29 pct . lawson reiter the govern 's aim of reduc basic taxat to 25 penc in the pound , but ad `` given my decis to use the greater part of the fiscal scope i now have to reduc the psbr , that goal can not be achiev in thi budget . '' small compani ' corpor tax is also be reduc to 27 pct , he said . on the lloyd 's insur market , lawson said he plan to chang the tax treatment of lloyd 's syndic , bring it into line with that of provis for outstand liabil made by ordinari insur compani and of compar provis made by financi trader . the inland revenu would be told to consult urgent with lloyd 's about the detail of the legisl , he said . `` the new rule will first appli to premium payabl for the lloyd 's account which close on decemb 31 thi year , '' lawson said . more