u.s. hous approv pilot 0/92 disast program the hous of repres approv a bill to enabl 1987 winter wheat and feedgrain farmer hit by midwestern flood last year to receiv at least 92 pct of their feder incom support payment even if they did not plant . the one-tim pilot 0/92 program , design to assist farmer in kansa , oklahoma , michigan and part of missouri , wa pass by a 304-100 vote and sent to the senat . although the bill includ a narrow version of the 0/92 provis endors by the reagan administr , the u.s. agricultur depart withheld it support from the measur . usda said the bill would discourag farmer from buy crop insur and fall short of the administr 's propos broad-scal revis of farm program . the bill would permit winter wheat produc prevent from plant their 1987 crop last fall to receiv 92 pct of the defici payment they would have receiv . to be elig , winter wheat farmer could not plant a differ crop on that land thi spring , although they could use the land for graze or to plant hay . usda estim thi provis would save 30 mln dlr , larg becaus of reduc crop forfeitur . the bill also would aid about 200 feedgrain produc along the missouri and mississippi river who were prevent from plant crop thi year becaus of residu damag from last fall 's flood . in addit , the measur would requir usda to make full payment to farmer elig for emerg assist approv by congress last fall . current , becaus claim have outstrip the 400 mln dlr in appropri fund , usda plan to offer farmer in the region 74 cent for everi dollar in disast loss . the administr said it oppos the bill becaus , by expand the 400 mln dlr in disast relief , it would thwart effort to encourag farmer to buy crop insur as an altern to feder disast assist . usda also said the 0/92 provis in the bill were narrow than the administr 's propos to offer the option to all major commod and would produc insignific save . usda said the 0/92 option for 1987 winter wheat farmer would produc a net save of about 30 mln dlr , while the requir to compens fulli disaster-struck farmer would cost about 135 mln dlr , which must be appropri by congress . the feedgrain provis would cost about five mln dlr . usda estim the overal cost of the bill to be 111 mln dlr . in januari the senat approv a bill that would make 1987 winter wheat farmer elig for disast assist payment . but the senat bill would not offer the 0/92 option to wheat and feedgrain produc or rais the 400-mln dlr ceil on the disast assist program .