yen usurp godzilla as japan 's favourit horror `` endaka , '' the strong yen , ha usurp `` godzilla versu the sea monster '' as japan 's favourit horror stori . the yen 's 40 pct surg against the dollar over the last two year ha frighten foreign with tale of the 40 dlr melon , the 120 dlr taxi ride from the airport and rent of 15,000 dlr a month . but `` endaka , '' like mani japanes product , is for foreign consumpt , local and long-tim foreign resid said . `` it 's not realli that expens . i do n't pay attent to the cost of live , '' said cheryl richmond , a 25-year-old canadian teacher of english in tokyo . richmond said she earn 1,635 dlr a month by `` chat '' 40 hour a week in english to japanes who hope to learn the languag . for 326 dlr a month she rent a sunni , quiet two-room flat some 20 minut by train from shinjuku , one of tokyo 's prime busi and entertain district , and ha manag to send home an averag of 320 dlr a month . she spend less than 6.50 dlr a day on food despit eat out onc a day . `` for lunch i buy the teishoku ( daili special ) which come with soba ( buckwheat noodl ) or pork cutlet , pickl , miso soup , rice and tea , '' although she take onli coffe for breakfast and a sandwich for dinner . no one argu that tokyo is cheap , but long-tim resid see no need to spend the 2,000 to 15,000 dlr a month spent by foreign firm to hous execut in western-styl home . the compani feel otherwis . they say they must pay the price to bring over the best peopl need to back up their push into japan 's increasingli lucr market . `` you ca n't expect peopl to move from new york or sydney and trade down . it 's not reason , '' said a spokesman for intern busi machin corp ( ibm ) , which support western lifestyl for more than 350 foreign in tokyo . tokyo is the world 's most expens citi for busi travel , a survey issu thi month by employ condit abroad said . it found that businessmen visit tokyo spend on averag more than 300 dlr a day . while the businessmen have littl choic but to come here , mani tourist , especi those from europ , are opt to visit sunnier and cheaper clime in southeast asia . the japan tourist bureau estim `` endaka '' caus an 11.5 pct drop in the number of foreign visitor to japan last year . those who came tri to cut back on expens , chiefli by curtail shop , it said . to help combat `` endaka '' and the slump in tourism , the tourist bureau prepar a pamphlet , `` econom travel in japan . '' it give budget-sav tip on find medium-pr busi hotel and japanese-styl inn , cheap sushi and public bath while get a `` reveal glimps of japanes in their daili live . '' resid of okubo hous , a transit hotel in tokyo' shin-okubo love hotel district , offer even more savvi advic . for 9.80 dlr a night , scott perri , a 23-year-old bud english teacher from new zealand , share an unheat , berth-siz twin-room in the japanes `` flop hous . '' perri ha budget 26 to 33 dlr a day while he look for work . `` normal i eat 'teishoku ' for 400 yen but sometim i'll splurg at shakey 's where for 550 yen you can eat unlimit pizza for at least two hour . '' still , there are the extra that dent the budget . `` i had to spend 600 yen today to dry-clean my suit coat , '' he said .