u.s. energi industri said in better health the u.s. oil and ga industri is in better health than it wa a year ago , accord to testimoni given to the texa railroad commiss at it annual state of the industri hear today . the commiss , which regul the state 's oil and ga industri , heard testimoni from a number of high-level compani execut reflect a belief that the recent industri downturn had bottom out . `` the attitud express here today so far is a great deal more optimist ( than last year ) , '' commission jame e. ( jim ) nugent told reuter . `` it reflect their ( the execut ) belief that they are see the bottom of the econom cycl , '' he ad , `` and with just a few reason break thi industri can begin to move again . '' the energi industri wa hard hit by the sharp drop in oil price , which fell from around 30 dlr a barrel in late 1985 to as low as 10 dlr in mid-1986 . price have sinc steadi to around 18 dlr a barrel . at the same time , a number of compani execut testifi that the nation 's domest explor and product segment wa still hurt and in need of govern help . product cost are consider higher in the unit state than in such area as the middl east and as price fell mani domest produc were forc to shut down their oper . current , there are onli about 760 oil rig oper in the unit state compar with an averag of nearli 2,000 in 1985. cite a studi releas yesterday by the depart of energi , mani said the fall product of domest oil coupl with increas u.s. demand , wa lead to a grow depend on import , particularli from the polit volatil middl east . `` in the u.s. , 1986 petroleum product respond to lower price , increas about 2.5 pct , or 400,000 barrel per day ( bpd ) , '' said j. . simon , gener manag of the suppli depart at exxon corp & lt ; xon > , the nation 's largest oil compani . at the same time , simon said `` u.s. oil product declin by 300,000 bpd , the first declin in sever year , '' and `` net petroleum import were up 25 pct to 5.3 mln bpd . '' note that while oil price were expect to remain between 13 and 20 dlr a barrel , depend on opec 's abil to control product , simon said demand is expect to remain at 1986 level , lead to `` a signific amount of spare worldwid product capac , in excess of 10 mln bpd . '' he said the surplu capac would lead to continu volatil and call for `` government and regulatori polici in support of the domest petroleum industri . '' cite the cost recent impos by the feder govern through the 1986 tax code chang and `` superfund '' legisl , simon call for the repeal of the windfal profit tax , total decontrol of natur ga and improv access to feder land for oil and ga explor . simon did not mention an oil import fee , which mani in the industri have call for as a way of build up the nation' domest oper befor import reach such a level that nation secur might be compromis . in yesterday 's report , the energi depart said import could make up 50 pct of u.s. demand by 1995 , ad that persian gulf produc will provid as much as 65 pct of the free world 's total oil consumpt by that date . argu that `` oil is a polit tool in everi nation on earth , '' frank pitt , chairman of & lt ; pitt oil co > , today call for a variabl oil import fee , among other measur , `` befor the treacher foothold of the middl east is irrevers and our nation secur is compromis . '' royc wisenbak , chairman of wisenbak product co , agre , say that like mani feder govern program that were set up with good intent , it would probabl turn into a `` shambl . '' wisenbak ad that he wa optimist for the futur . `` for those of us who have manag to hold on , the worst is over , '' he said . roger hemminghau , presid of diamond shamrock refin and market co , said he wa `` enthusiast about the futur , '' ad that he expect `` an increas in profit by midyear . ''