air canada courier buy sharpli alter industri air canada 's 54 mln u.s. dlr acquisit of gelco corp 's & lt ; gec > canadian unit ha dramat alter canada 's fast grow courier industri , larg domin by u.s. compani until thi year , compani offici and analyst said . state-own air canada take over the countri 's second largest overnight courier busi just two month after anoth canadian compani , & lt ; onex capit corp ltd > , approv the acquisit of number one rank purol courier ltd from new jersey-bas purol courier corp & lt ; pcc > . but analyst said the two acquisit were prompt by financi restructur undertaken by the u.s. parent compani and like do n't repres an industri trend toward buy out foreign own courier oper . `` it 's a case of whether you can buy from the right peopl at the right time , '' mcleod young weir ltd transport analyst toni hine comment . the two acquisit fit with a larger move by u.s. compani embroil in a take-ov or restructur to sell-off their canadian unit to gener readi cash , said nesbitt thomson deacon inc analyst harold wolkin . `` there is a veri good correl between the u.s. parent sell canadian subsidiari and the u.s. parent either be under sieg or take someon els over , '' he said . gelco corp , of minnesota , decid to sell gelco express ltd as part of it previous announc program to sell off four oper unit to buy back share and pay down debt , gelco express market vice presid jame o'neil told reuter . the sale is the first under gelco 's divestitur program , and proce will be use to help pay down 350 mln u.s. dlr of debt by year-end , the compani said . while compani offici declin to disclos earn and revenu figur , o'neil said gelco express hold a domin posit in the industri , handl more than 50,000 packag a day and gener revenu of more than 100 mln canadian dlr a year . the earlier move by purol to sell it canadian unit form an import part of a compani restructur program , adopt after anoth canadian compani , & lt ; unicorp canada corp > , acquir a 12.6 pct stake in purol and said it would consid acquir the whole compani . last month , purol agre to be acquir by a compani form by e.f. hutton lbo inc and certain manag of purol 's u.s. courier busi . for air canada , it acquisit of gelco 's canadian courier busi repres an `` excel financi invest '' in a market it see grow by 25 to 30 pct annual , spokesman esther szynkarski said . the airlin also announc it acquir a 65 pct stake in em corp , of calgari , an in-citi messeng servic . it did not disclos financi term , but szynkarski said the two acquisit total about 90 mln canadian dlr , and the two busi have combin yearli revenu of 170 mln dlr . she said the acquisit fit with air canada 's strategi of seek attract invest that compliment it main airlin busi . gelco will continu to oper with current manag , independ of air canada , although air canada alreadi oper it own air cargo busi that includ a small door-to-door courier oper . `` they 're well run , they 're a good invest , they 're do well in a grow market , and that 's the way we want to keep it , '' szynkarski said . analyst hine said the gelco and purol canadian unit will like retain oper link with their u.s. deliveri network , gener traffic for the former parent compani without them have to tie up capit in canada . `` the natur of the busi is that increment traffic is increment revenu , '' hine said . `` it 's sort of a sausag maker busi where you put in place the sausag grinder , and the more sausag you can stuff through , the more money you make , '' he ad .