volatil like to remain low in debt futur financi analyst see littl chanc that u.s. interest rate futur will break out of their narrow rang and low volatil dure the remaind of the week . `` we got a littl volatil wednesday , '' said staley commod intern analyst jerom lacey . `` but for the moment we 're still in a trade rang . '' even unexpect develop concern the growth of the u.s. economi may not be enough to spur the market out of it sluggish state , the analyst said . `` it ( the bond market ) ha not yet demonstr that it can break out of it veri low volatil , '' said carrol mcente and mcginley analyst deni karnoski . `` it need someth , but it' not go to be news about the economi , '' he said . karnoski said that the bond market will possibl break out of the doldrum if particip perceiv that the dollar ha stabil and the feder reserv ha more room to conduct monetari polici . but even wednesday , when fed fund were below six pct , the dollar strong and oil on the soft side , bond futur attract eager seller when contract approach recent high , he said . in addit to a chang percept about the dollar and monetari polici , golden gate futur presid norman quinn said the begin of april could bring foreign investor back into the marketplac . `` the market is begin to feel there may be demand at the begin of the fiscal year in japan on april 1 , '' quinn said . quinn echo the sentiment of mani analyst that there are larg amount of cash wait to be invest . if japanes invest in u.s. secur doe materi at the start of japan 's fiscal year , domest fund may also flow into the bond market , he said . `` we could get a stiff ralli , possibl enough to bring yield on long bond down to seven to 7-1/8 pct , '' compar to the current yield of about 7.5 pct , quinn said . in the meantim , even the prospect of new suppli is not like to move futur . the treasuri 's announc of a 15 billion dlr refund oper did littl to move cash govern secur price late wednesday after the close of futur . `` i 'd be surpris if suppli push us out of it ( the trade rang ) , '' lacey said .