u.s. hous panel vote to eas export control a key hous panel vote to greatli eas govern control on export as sever hous committe move rapidli toward approv of major chang in trade law they hope will help solv u.s. trade woe . the hous foreign affair subcommitte on intern econom polici vote to direct the administr to cut the list of control export by 40 per cent by remov item no longer consid import to u.s. militari secur . industri had complain they were lose sale to foreign competitor who were allow to export freeli product u.s. compani could not sell abroad . the issu ha been the subject of administr debat . the commerc depart had held that unnecessari restrict imped u.s. export while the defens depart said current control should be retain but better administ . four congression panel met today to consid portion of a widerang trade bill that intend to help u.s. compani sell more product abroad and to fight unfair foreign trade practic . their separ propos , some of them conflict , will be woven by hous democrat leader into a final trade bill for a vote by the full hous in late april . spark by the propos of fujitsu ltd. to take control interest in schlumberg ltd 's fairchild semiconductor corp. , the hous energi and commerc subcommitte on commerc vote to expand reagan 's author to block foreign takeov of u.s. compani . reagan would be abl to block ani takeov found to be damag to u.s. econom or nation secur interest . `` we are lose our semiconductor which are at the heart of our nation secur , '' subcommitte chairman jame florio , a new jersey democrat said . the subcommitte also call for the administr to consid retali against japan for it restrict govern procur practic . the retali could be trigger by a requir that the administr investig whether u.s. compani were treat unfairli and whether they have been bar from bid on lucr public work project such as the eight billion dlr kansai airport construct . u.s. firm have complain they were not allow to bid on it construct . at the urg of the u.s. record industri , the subcommitte agre to bar import of a new japanes product -- digit audio record . meet in close session , the hous way and mean committe agre to allow presid reagan to retali against foreign countri that refus to open their market to u.s. telecommun product . congression aid said the committe also agre u.s. compani would be allow to press for relief from import of counterfeit product made in violat of u.s. copyright and patent law .