gencorp & lt ; gy > bidder plan sale of aerospac unit & lt ; gener partner > , control by privately-held wagner and brown and by afg industri inc , said plan to sell gencorp inc 's aerospac and soft drink bottl divis if it succe in acquir the compani . in a file with the secur and exchang commiss , gener partner said proce from the sale of gencorp' aerospac divis would help it repay some of the debt it would incur in the 100 dlr a share cash tender offer . gener partner , which launch the surpris tender offer today , said it alreadi 2,180,608 share of gencorp , or 9.4 pct of the total outstand common stock . gener partner , which estim the total cost of the takeov at 2.5 billion dlr , also said it plan to continu gencorp 's polici of tri to settl feder commun commiss charg against two of it televis and 12 radio station licens . it said it would also continu gencorp 's polici of tri to sell it new york-area televis station wor to mca inc & lt ; mca > for 387 mln dlr and it lo angel station khj to walt disney co & lt ; di > for 217 mln dlr . but gener partner said it plan to keep gencorp' headquart in akron , ohio . gener partner also said it would maintain gencorp' plastic and industri product divis as well as tire and relat product . but it left open that it might make other chang in gencorp 's oper after it complet the merger . besid use 250 mln dlr of it own equiti for the tender offer , gener partner said it would seek one billion dlr under a secur margin facil from well fargo bank n.a . and other bank . it also said it would seek 1.25 billion dlr from the sale to shearson lehman brother hold inc or it affili of senior subordin promissori note . in a march 18 letter to gencorp chairman william reynold , which wa includ in the sec file , gener partner offici said they were `` confid of our abil to promptli obtain the remain fund as describ in our offer materi . '' `` for thi reason , we do not forse ani obstacl to a prompt consumm of the transact , '' gener partner said . shearson is dealer manag of the gener partner offer for gencorp .