econom spotlight - saudi arabia reshap economi higher world oil price , coupl with a new realism usher in by auster , could lift saudi arabia' economi after five year of fall revenu and grow budget deficit , banker and diplomat said . the month ahead will prove critic as the govern attempt a balanc act between defend higher oil price and foster recoveri through a bigger role for the privat sector . economist said oil earn could recov thi year to about 20 billion dlr and nomin gross domest product could grow by about three pct , the first rise sinc 1982. but the economist said thi will be possibl onli if the organis of petroleum export countri ( opec ) succe in defend world oil price and if saudi arabia is not forc to curtail output for too long . saudi arabia is now keep product down to defend opec 's newly-establish 18 dlr a barrel benchmark price . oil minist hisham nazer told reuter output is run at about three mln barrel per day ( bpd ) , well down on saudi arabia 's opec quota of 4.13 mln set for the first half of 1987. king fahd ha stamp hi person author on opec' new-found determin to defend price in a move western diplomat believ underlin the kingdom 's need to secur a stabl sourc of incom for it economi . saudi arabia , still the world 's largest oil export , is a huge wealthi countri . but the past five year of declin revenu have taken their toll . economist estim gross domest product fell 10 pct last year and 8.6 pct in 1985. oil revenu last year , when price briefli dip below 10 dlr per barrel , probabl total no more than 17.5 billion dlr , compar to a peak 101.8 billion in 1981 . `` auster is still the watchword , but saudi arabia will not be allow to dip further into recess ... the saudi can afford to draw down reserv temporarili to offset the worst effect , '' a diplomat said . in the short-term , the kingdom can lessen the impact of lower oil revenu and a gape budget deficit by draw on foreign reserv , still put at around 100 billion dlr . but such a polici can not be pursu indefinit . banker and diplomat said it would amount to fiscal reckless in the longer term . it also increas the domin of the public sector at a time when the govern is publicli urg privat enterpris to take over the lead role in the economi . banker and diplomat said the govern is well awar of the risk attach to thi polici but is determin to `` tough it out '' on the oil front even if that mean a short-term deplet of reserv . the 1987 budget deficit is target at a huge 52.7 billion riyal or 31 pct of total outlay . the budget explicitli recognis the need to draw down reserv while foreign borrow ha been rule out . commerc minist suleiman abdulaziz al-salim told saudi businessmen thi week the govern had care consid the need to stimul the economi when draw up it budget plan late last year . `` it therefor took the bold step of withdraw more than 50 billion riyal from it reserv and pump it into the economi , '' he said . reserv were built up dure the late 1970 's and earli 1980 's when saudi arabia 's breakneck pace of construct and tale of high spend becam legendari . the shrink economi ha wrought huge chang in the fabric of the kingdom 's privat sector where poor manag had gone unpunish in the easi day of the oil boom . modern techniqu of cost control have been introduc , market expand and outsiz labour forc and inventori cut back . the expatri workforc ha fallen sharpli . the number of new bankruptci appear to be declin but saudi bank , hit hard by non-perform loan to the corpor sector , have becom highli select in extend new credit . govern move to encourag lend and investig compani complaint about late public sector contract payment could boost confid but recess ha slow the nation' industrialis program and discourag foreign invest . privat wealth is still veri high and bank report more and more cash be place on deposit . as saudi arabia attempt to shift the weight of econom develop from the public to the privat sector , one of the biggest task will be to convinc businessmen to channel person save into industri project within the kingdom and refrain from the temptat to invest abroad .