ec may offer intervent sugar to local market sugar which ec produc plan to sell into intervent may be offer by the european commiss for sale within the commun , broker c. czarnikow say in it latest sugar review . the commiss will propos to offer the sugar at a veri nomin premium of 0.01 european currenc unit ( ecu ) to the intervent price , with detriment consequ for produc ' return , czarnikow say . the move is seen as an attempt to persuad the produc to take back the surrend sugar . the commiss may also take other step to dissuad produc from their chosen cours , such as remov the time limit on storag contract , which present mean that intervent stock have to be remov by the end of septemb , czarnikow say . there is also the possibl of product quota be reduc . if the commiss decid to offer the sugar to trader for export , the restitut would have to be higher than those at recent export tender , czarnikow note . to match the differ between the ec price and the world market price , the extra cost might be as much as 20 ecu per tonn , it say . the produc might have to repay these cost through product levi and the propos special elimin levi , czarnikow say , but it would be sever month befor ani cost could be recov under ec rule . the primari caus of the plan to sell 775,000 tonn of sugar into intervent in franc is dissatisfact with the ec export program as the restitut ha increasingli fail to bridg the gap between the ec price and the world market price , czarnikow note . the french move is thu seen as a form of protest design to forc the commiss 's hand . in west germani , 79,250 tonn have been tender for intervent , but czarnikow say the motiv here is to ensur that the 1986/87 price is paid for sugar that wa produc in 1986. in addit to a two pct cut in the intervent price , west german produc face a further price reduct in juli with a probabl revalu of the `` green '' mark . even if the immedi crisi is resolv , the problem is not expect to disappear perman . it ha appear to trader for some year that the ec 's export polici is insuffici respons to chang pattern of demand , it say . the weekli tender should respond to fluctuat demand by increas or reduc the tonnag award , czarnikow say , suggest that the commiss might also take step to cut down the amount of `` unnecessari bureaucraci '' surround the export tender system .