u.k. money data may eas rate cut , analyst say slower than expect growth in britain' narrow m0 money suppli measur in februari will help spur a further cut in u.k. interest rate if a surg in sterling' valu requir such a move , econom analyst said . m0 , the onli target money suppli measur left after chancellor of the exchequ nigel lawson scrap the offici target for the broad sterl m3 measur in hi 1987 budget speech on tuesday , fell an adjust 3/4 to one pct in februari . on an annual basi , thi put m0 growth at four to 4-1/2 pct , in the middl of the 1987 target of two to six pct . `` the m0 data are much better than we expect , '' said robert thoma , economist at greenwel montagu secur . he and other analyst said while the better than expect m0 figur alon would not be suffici to trigger a new interest rate cut , they remov an obstacl to such a move . thoma note the rise in m0 had been kept in check despit buoyant retail sale in februari , advanc an adjust 2.2 pct after a fall of the same size in januari . analyst said the m0 measur , reflect variat in consum demand rather than real inflat prospect , wa not an adequ indic to determin interest rate . `` the author still seem to want to pretend that m0 is import ... in practic , it is like to be the exchang rate and the elect which call the tune , '' lloyd merchant bank chief economist roger bootl wrote in a budget comment . richard jeffrey , economist at stockbrok hoar govett , said in a comment : `` it is unlik that ( lawson ) will respond to signal from m0 alon ... reinforc from exchang rate trend is necessari befor action is taken . '' `` with the chancellor make clear that polici manoeuvr are made in respons to signal from thi narrow money variabl , the citi ha been forc to take it serious , '' he ad . note thi point , thoma said market fear at the end of last year of an m0 overshoot had now disappear . thi remov a potenti obstacl to a further cut in u.k. base lend rate if foreign demand for sterl push up the pound abov unoffici target , analyst said . such target are believ to have been secretli agre between financ minist of the group of five and canada at their pari meet last month , they ad . u.k. base rate have been cut twice by half a point sinc the pari agreement , onc on march 11 , and again yesterday when foreign demand for sterl surg in reaction to a sharp cut in 1987 govern borrow target contain in the budget . they stand at 10 pct now , and foreign exchang dealer and analyst expect them to shed anoth half-point in the come week . analyst shrug off as larg irrelev a higher than expect increas in februari sterl m3 , which push the annual growth rate to almost 19 pct , well abov the previou target of 11 to 15 pct . thoma said the februari figur seem to indic the improv in sterl m3 growth wit over the past few month had been revers , but firm conclus could onli be drawn after revis data are releas on march 31. some analyst said foreign investor had long ceas to watch the sterl m3 target , and lawson 's move to scrap it altogeth earlier thi week remov whatev wa left of it credibl as a key factor in monetari polici .