u.s. grain trade call shultz remark signific a statement yesterday by secretari of state georg shultz after he met with wheat grower that u.s. agricultur product must be competit price wa signific in that he recogn the import of the soviet market and the need for u.s. price to be at world market level , u.s. grain trade industri offici said . they said that shultz 's comment , while not explicitli endors subsid wheat sale to the ussr , were noteworthi becaus they were not neg toward such action . in respons to a queri on what the state department' posit is on sell subsid wheat to moscow , shultz told the leader of the nation associ of wheat grower that price must be competit if the u.s. is go to trade . the soviet union , the world 's largest grain import , ha bought no u.s. wheat for more than a year , complain the price wa far abov world market level . a u.s. offer last fall to sell the soviet lower-pr wheat through the export enhanc program , eep , wa also rebuf due to the price . shultz wa said to be adamantli against the u.s. wheat offer last year and ha been report to be one of the major obstacl in make anoth subsidi overtur to the soviet union , grain industri sourc said . intens specul the u.s. might make a fresh eep wheat offer to the soviet ha boost grain price significantli in recent trade session . kansa citi hard wheat futur rose anoth 2-1/4 cent by midday at 2.88-1/4 dlr per bushel , while cbt march wheat wa up 1-1/2 cent at 2.92-1/2 dlr . `` i 'm not sure thi is an about-fac , but it 's clearli a recognit that unless we 're competit , we wo n't sell to the soviet union , '' said a lobbyst for a major commod group . `` we have to be competit . it 's ridicul to say that somebodi is go to buy your product if they can get the same thing at a lower price somewher els , '' shultz told the farm leader . `` that is our approach in negoti with the soviet , '' he said . if those comment do signal that the state depart is no longer oppos to the u.s. sell wheat to the ussr under eep , it certainli improv the chanc for an eep wheat offer to moscow , an industri lobbyst said . nation wheat grower 's offici were take a cautiou attitud toward the secretari 's comment . `` hi comment were not discourag , but they did n't in our judgment promis ani immedi action on eep , '' an offici with the wheat group said . the wheat grower offici note , howev , that `` there is signific in that fact that we have n't seen ani signific neg commentari on the idea of eep wheat to the soviet . '' in a meet with export thi week , secretari of agricultur richard lyng refus to comment on their request that the administr offer subsid wheat to moscow , the offici said . an aid to usda undersecretari daniel amstutz , who is report to be strongli oppos to eep wheat to the soviet , said that the shultz comment `` are consist with what he ( shultz ) ha taught for year as an economist , '' but said they do n't necessarili relat to the soviet union . amstutz could not be reach for comment , and an aid to lyng said lyng would not comment on shultz 's statement . but trade sourc were hope that the shultz comment may indic some movement toward eep wheat to moscow . `` if he did n't say no , then there 's a chanc . thi is potenti a posit develop , '' a commod sourc said .