econom spotlight - asian drought three geograph divers drought in asia are be link by some scientist to a reintensif of the complex and little-understood el nino weather pattern , & lt ; accu-weath inc > , a commerci weather forecast servic , said . rice and wheat farmer in china , wheat and sugarcan grower in australia and tea planter in sri lanka all face seriou loss to their respect harvest unless rain arriv in time to break the drought , offic report , govern offici and meteorologist said . wen wei po , a hong kong daili with close peke link , said the drought is the worst in over 20 year and some provinc have been without adequ rainfal for more than seven month . rice plant is threaten in eight provinc , it ad . rainfal in the key farm provinc of henan and sichuan wa 70 pct below averag dure februari , the lowest figur for over 20 year , the paper said . the dri weather ha cut store water volum by over 20 pct compar with last march and lower the water level of mani river , it ad . thi ha result in reduc hydro-electr power , caus shortag to industri and household . the upper reach of the yangtz are at their lowest level in a centuri , caus mani ship to run aground , wen wei po said . unusu high temperatur have also been report across china , media report said . the peopl 's daili said sichuan ha record temperatur three degre celsiu higher than averag sinc earli februari . the new china news agenc said the averag decemb temperatur in harbin in the northeast wa six degre higher than last decemb and 14 degre higher than decemb 1984. sever drought is affect about one-third of sri lanka and threaten to reduc the countri 's tea crop , ministri of plantat industri offici told reuter in australia , concern is grow about below-averag rainfal level in part of the sugarcan belt along the queensland coast and in western australia 's wheat belt , local meteorolog bureau offici said . for mani farmer and govern offici the fear is that while the present low rainfal doe not yet pose a major threat , the prospect of a dri autumn/wint season when the wheat crop is in it earli stage certainli doe , they ad . concern is heighten by the memori of the 1982/83 drought which devast the wheat crop and coincid with the occurr of the bare understood weather phenomenon known as el nino , they said . although meteorologist are cautiou about link the asia-pacif region 's disrupt weather pattern to ani singl caus , el nino 's role is be close studi , they said . accu-weath inc , which specialis in provid data for agricultur and ship interest , said each el nino 'event' wa uniqu . the el nino doe not alway produc the same effect and the present occurr is much less pronounc than the last major event in 1982/83 , it said . el nino , spanish for `` christ child '' becaus it appear around christma , is form by the action of warm air , bear cloud and rain , shift from the indonesian archipelago to the coast of peru , where it mingl with the cold water associ with the peru current and return across the pacif as the trade wind , meteorologist said . the wind , strengthen by el nino 's `` pump '' effect , rais the sea level off australia and indonesia , they said . when the wind drop , the ocean , seek equilibrium , send a surg of warmer water back across the pacif where it collid with the cold sea off peru , they said . one effect of thi heat exchang is to deflect the rain-bear cloud away from australia and indonesia into the pacif , where they further disrupt other weather pattern . the prospect for an end to the drought vari , accu-weath said . china , where the affect area have receiv between 40 and 75 pct of normal rainfal , will have to wait for the may-septemb rain , it said . the may-septemb rain normal provid the drought-striken area with 80 pct of annual rainfal . in australia , area of queensland 's coastal strip have receiv less than half the normal rainfal dure the current wet season , but prospect for increas rain are diminish as the raini season draw to an end . in sri lanka , the drought ha come when rainfal should be at it maximum for the year . the year 's secondari rain usual occur between april and june , although it is not possibl at thi stage to forecast whether they will arriv as usual .