ec and comecon end talk with progress the european commun ( ec ) and soviet-l comecon end talk here , have made progress on set up formal trade relat , but no breakthrough becaus of comecon 's refus to recognis west berlin as part of the ec , deleg said . negoti were tri to reach agreement on the draft of a joint declar set up offici relat after 30 year of mutual non-recognit . john maslen , head of the ec deleg , told reuter as he emerg from the final session : `` we made some progress , but we have call for anoth meet . '' offici , who ask not to be name , said the comecon team had refus to accept a claus in the draft declar which would recognis west berlin as part of the 12-nation ec . under the 1957 treati of rome all contract and agreement sign by the commun must contain thi territori claus stipul west berlin is an integr part of the ec . an ec negoti take part in the three-day talk said : `` we want the territori claus in , but comecon said no . '' a joint statement issu after the talk said progress wa made toward clarifi posit , but anoth meet would be necessari to complet the work . ani decis in principl to set up relat would requir approv by the commun 's council of minist and by the execut committe of comecon . zdzislaw kuroski , deputi director of comecon , who head the east bloc deleg , told reuter ahead of today 's session : `` we have narrow our differ on a rang of question , but not on all question . '' ask whether comecon would accept ec insist that ani joint declar stipul west berlin as part of the commun , he repli : `` thi question is not contain in the draft which our side present . '' west german diplomat said they would insist on includ the claus on west berlin in ani ec-comecon agreement . the talk follow an earlier round between the two trade bloc here last septemb and the first-ev direct talk between the ec and the soviet union on establish diplomat relat in januari . the ec trade with individu comecon member state despit non-recognit of comecon . last year , the ec had a five billion dlr trade deficit with east european state , about half the deficit of the previou year , due to a drop in the price of soviet oil import by the ec .