itali set rule for compani hold in bank compani will henceforth be abl to own stake in bank , but these should not constitut a `` domin '' hold , an italian govern committe rule . the interministeri committe on credit and save , head by treasuri minist giovanni goria , said it decis reflect the `` need to safeguard the principl of separ between bank and non-financi concern . '' it did not quantifi what might constitut a `` domin '' hold . the committe also set condit for the alloc of credit by bank to compani or individu hold stake in them , and stipul condit under which the bank of itali could exercis it power of control in the case of stake held by bank in compani or other bank . under the rule , credit given by bank or their subsidiari to group or individu hold five pct or more of the bank 's capit must not exceed defin limit . the valu of credit given can not exceed either one-fifth of the combin capit and reserv of the bank itself or two-fifth of the valu of the stake own in the bank by the group or individu concern . except to these condit includ credit to concern in which the bank itself ha a stake and to branch of foreign bank . credit made by foreign compani or bank to subsidiari which have their legal base in itali will also be exclud from the condit . the bank of itali will request bank to insert rule in their statut to ensur that compani or individu hold five pct or more of the bank 's capit are not given privileg treatment with regard to credit alloc and term . with regard to bank hold in compani , the bank of itali can exercis supervisori control when inform on a bank 's consolid activ show singl sharehold in a compani or anoth bank of 25 pct or more , own directli or indirectli . such control can also be exercis even if the stake held is below 25 pct if it can be consid a control interest . the control will not be exercis in case where the valu of the bank 's stake in a concern is below the lesser of two predefin limit . these limit are set at 15 billion lire or two pct of the total asset of the parent compani of the sharehold bank .