japan , britain disagre on telecom merger cabl and wireless plc & lt ; cawl.l > is resist attempt to merg two japan-bas telecommun firm in the hope that oversea polit pressur will forc a chang in those plan , a compani execut said . cabl and wireless , which hold a 20 pct stake in one of the two japanes firm , is oppos to plan to reduc it share to three pct in the merg firm , director of corpor strategi jonathan solomon told report . that plan , put forward by a senior member of the power busi organ keidanren with the tacit back of the post and telecommun ministri , ha caus a storm of protest from abroad that japan is seek to exclud foreign firm from a meaning posit in the market . pacif telesi group & lt ; pac.n > of the unit state also hold a 20 pct stake in one of the newli form consortia , & lt ; intern digit commun inc > ( idc ) . solomon said that both british prime minist margaret thatcher and u.s. secretari of state georg schultz have written to the japanes govern about the plan merger . a key u.s. senat committe , commerc secretari malcolm baldrig and trade repres clayton yeutter have also express opposit to the merger , he said . the post and telecomun ministri reiter again that it see no need for two competitor to & lt ; kokusai denshin denwa co ltd > , which hold a monopoli on intern call from japan . the ministri ha also suggest that foreign sharehold not hold manageri posit in the new firm . in an attempt to hammer out an agreement , solomon today met fumio watanab , the senior keidanren offic tri to arrang the merger . but the two side remain deadlock . at stake is c and w 's 400 mln dlr project to lay fibr optic cabl between japan and alaska , to form part of it global network . `` c and w want to start right away on the project , such as applic and other procedur , '' said watanab , who is also chairman of & lt ; tokio marin and fire insur inc > . the japanes side is say that the decis on such a plan should be left with the new firm , after the merger . `` these decis ( on the merger ) were made in consider of japan 's econom condit and legal system . i told him we are not a coloni or someth , '' said watanab .