german money suppli growth slow in februari west germani 's money suppli growth slow in februari after januari 's sharp rise but the trend is still definit upward , the bundesbank said in a statement . growth in the tradit broad m3 aggreg wa onli moder in februari . while cash in circul , deposit with statutori withdraw notic and sight deposit grew sharpli , short-term time deposit fell after expand unusu strongli in januari . in the six month to februari , m3 , which exclud hold of german non-bank abroad , grew at a season adjust annual rate of 8.5 pct after 9.8 in the six month to januari . compar with februari 1986 , m3 rose 7-1/2 pct . in the six month to februari , m2 , which exclud time deposit with statutori withdraw notic , rose at a season adjust annual rate of 8.8 pct and m1 , which consist of cash and sight deposit , rose seven pct . intern transact of non-bank again led to a signific inflow of fund , the bundesbank said . net claim of commerci bank and the bundesbank against foreign , refect these foreign payment , increas by 9.1 billion mark in februari , littl chang from januari 's rise . but in contrast to januari , the dampen effect of the inflow on domest credit demand outweigh the expansionari effect on money growth , the bundesbank said . outstand bank credit to compani and privat individu remain virtual unchang in februari . a sharp drop in short-term compani credit , which reflect the foreign fund inflow , wa balanc by a moder rise in long-term credit and a sharp rise in credit for secur . at the end of februari total bank credit to the privat sector were 4-1/2 pct abov the februari 1986 level . the effect of public author cash movement on the money suppli wa slightli expans , the bundesbank said . although bank acquir larg amount of public author paper , public author drew down book credit at commerci bank and the bundesbank . capit format strengthen in februari and slow money suppli growth to a larger extent than in januari . a total of 7.7 billion mark in long-term fund wa place with bank after 6.6 billion the previou month .