mexico 's reserv reach eight billion dlr addit capit inflow of 1.5 billion dlr so far thi year have boost mexico 's reserv to about eight billion dlr , director of public credit angel gurria told report . money ha been come back to mexico becaus of improv investor confid and becaus a tight monetray polici ha forc credit-starv industri to repatri capit . inflow total a billion dlr in fourth-quart 1986. gurria said mexico is not accumul reserv for the sake of it . he said it new loan will increas the pool of fund avail for badli need invest . onc the first tranch of it new six billion dlr loan is drawn down in the second quarter , mexico will still onli have enough reserv to pay for import and debt servic for four or five month , gurria note . nevertheless , gurria said mexico doe not expect to draw on the commerci bank ' 1.2 billion dlr investment-support conting facil . that money will be avail until april 1988 if mexico 's export receipt and the price of oil fall below certain level . but mexico fail to qualifi for the first two draw total 451 mln dlr , and gurria said today , `` we expect we 'll never have to use it . '' gurria said mexico will know by june whether it can draw on the second conting facil includ in the bank financ packag - a 500 mln dlr growth co-financ loan with the world bank . financ minist gustavo petricioli said he had sign yesterday a 250 mln dlr loan with the world bank to support the develop of export of manufactur good . he also said the first 250 mln dlr tranch of a one billion dlr loan from the japanes govern to support steel , oil and export promot will be disburs at the end of the month . mexico is also due to make the third draw from it intern monetari fund standbi credit in the next few day base on a success review of end-1986 econom result . petricioli said mexico is in the final stage of discuss which will determin quantit econom target for 1987 which will allow it to continu to draw from the imf for the rest of 1987. petricioli report that mexico ha so far conclud eight bilater accord with govern creditor within the pari club . sixteen govern sign the pari club umbrella agreement last septemb , which restructur 1.8 billion dlr of offici debt , and petricioli said he hope to final pact with the remain eight countri in the next few week . in keep with the spirit of the septemb agreement , he said all countri from the organ of econom cooper and develop have continu to provid export credit facil for mexico , despit the debt restructur .