strike threat , lower traffic mar seaway open the st. lawrenc seaway , set to reopen march 31 after the winter , face anoth tough year becaus of depress traffic level and the possibl of the first strike in 20 year on the great lake , seaway offici said . depress grain export , rise cost , and compet mode of transport are all expect to result in onli a margin increas over last year 's traffic level -- and revenu -- on the 2,300 mile waterway , offici said . in 1986 , a season that ran from april 3 to decemb 27 , the seaway move 37.6 mln metric ton of freight between montreal and lake ontario and 41.6 mln ton on the welland canal , link lake eri and lake ontario . by comparison , in 1985 about 37 mln ton of cargo travel through the montreal-lak ontario section and 42 mln through the eight-lock canal . the waterway is expect to lose 9-10 mln canadian dlr thi year , about the same as the estim deficit for fiscal 1986-87 end march 31 , said william blair , an execut member of canada 's st lawrenc seaway author . the seaway move about one-half of canada 's export grain . those export of the singl most import commod carri on the waterway have been depress by world surplus . the seafar ' intern union , which repres about 2,300 worker on the great lake and the ocean coast , ha said it will like go on strike thi spring to protest employers' demand for wage rollback and other concess . `` it 's 99.9 pct ( certain ) -- i guarante you a strike , '' roman gralewicz , head of the seafar ' canadian branch , ha said . the canadian govern ha call in a labor concili to tri to hammer out a contract agreement between the two side . the seaway author said a walkout tie up ship on the great lake would badli hurt traffic . `` we have n't had a strike on the seaway for year ... a prolong strike would have a disaster effect , '' seaway author spokeswoman gay hemsley said . `` these are the heaviest contract talk in the histori of the st lawrenc seaway , '' georg miller , vice-presid of the canadian lake carrier associ , an associ of major canadian ship compani , said recent . the worker ' current contract expir may 31. the associ said it is ask for a five per cent cut in wage for the next three year , reduc crew level and the power to restructur crew dispatch . the associ said it member record about a 6 mln dlr ( u.s. ) loss in each of 1985 and 1986 due to lower traffic and freight rate and increas competit . the seaway said 1985 wa it worst year in two decad . hemsley said the seaway author plan to rais toll on the welland canal by eight pct thi year , compar to last year 's 15 pct rise , while maintain a freez on toll throughout the rest of the waterway . canada is respons for 13 of the seaway 's 15 lock and about 85 pct of it revenu and mainten cost . `` we may see and hope for a steadi upward climb ... but we wo n't see a major increas for a number of year , '' hemsley said . a canada-u.s. deleg to promot the seaway to shipper in western europ should result in some increas traffic thi season but the full benefit wo n't be felt for sever year , blair said .