u.s. senat say sanction like on microchip the unit state will like impos sanction soon on import of japanes microchip , senat said today after a privat meet with commerc secretari malcolm baldrig . although the senat said baldrig told them no decis would be taken until a final determin is made on whether japanes microchip were dump in the unit state , they said they were virtual sure japan would face penalti . presid reagan 's trade polici advisori group , of which baldrig is a member , will meet on the issu wednesday . `` i am confid we will see action taken , '' sen. john mccain , an arizona republican , told report . `` i am expect sanction at least , and even more than sanction , '' sen. pete domenici , a new mexico republican , said . the senat , sever congressmen and u.s. semiconductor industri repres met with baldrig and state depart offici to discuss japan 's alleg violat of a septemb 1986 agreement to stop dump it microchip in the unit state and other countri . they recommend japanes firm be penal through tariff or import duti over the next six to 12 month for continu to dump microchip . the violat were worth 100 mln dl to the japanes semiconductor industri , they said . ask if baldrig intend to recommend sanction , sen. pete wilson told report , `` the clear import of what he said is that there will be . '' `` japan ca n't just say they will compli . we think sanction must be appli , '' for past violat of the agreement , the california republican said . the semiconductor industri produc microprocessor chip which are use in high technolog product rang from radio to defenc missil guidanc system . sen. jame mcclure , an idaho republican , said baldrig told them the administr had not made a final determin that japanes compani had dump semiconductor microchip below the cost of product in the unit state or other countri . but mcclure said senat told him , `` there is no doubt dump is go on , '' base on evid such as invoic of purchas of the japanes product . the two countri sign a pact last septemb in which japan agre to stop sell it microchip in the unit state and other countri below product cost and to allow the u.s. semiconductor industri access to the japanes market . in return , the unit state waiv it right to impos import duti on the japanes microchip . japanes offici have said they have live up to the pact and have ask japanes chip-mak to further slash output to save the pact . japan ha frequent been the target of congression discourag over last year 's record 169-billion-dlr trade deficit . tokyo had a 59-billion-dlr surplu with the unit state last year and had larg surplus with other countri . the senat yesterday unanim pass a resolut call for action against japan for violat of the pact sinc septemb . the resolut will be introduc in the hous next week by rep. bob matsui , a california democrat .