world bank like to urg chang on jakarta world bank presid barber conabl is expect to press indonesia , the third world 's sixth largest debtor , to maintain the momentum of econom polici chang to tackl the slump in it oil revenu , western diplomat said . conabl , who flew to indonesia yesterday from tokyo , will meet with presid suharto and senior econom minist . he said on arriv that the economi of south-east asia' largest nation wa be manag well , but the slump in world oil price call for major polici adjust . today the world bank chief will visit bank-fund project in the eastern section of java , indonesia 's most popul island . he will see suharto on tuesday after a day of detail discuss with minist tomorrow . indonesia , the onli asian member of opec , ha been sever hit by last year 's crash in oil price , which cut it oil and ga revenu in half . japan 's state export-import bank last month agre to provid around 900 mln dlr in unti credit to help indonesia pay for it share of 21 world bank develop project . indonesia , a countri of 168 mln peopl , ha respond to the oil slump by cut spend , devalu it currenc by 31 pct , and tri to boost export , while use foreign loan to bridg it deficit . diplomat said that conabl wa expect to press suharto and lead econom minist to maintain the pace of polici chang , particularli in dismantl indonesia 's high-cost protect economi . `` oil price , the debt crisi , the world recess , all call for major polici adjust and extern support , '' conabl said in hi arriv statement . but with indonesia face parliamentari elect next month , he is like to avoid anyth which would impli that the bank is demand specif chang . `` we believ there ha been wise leadership here and the economi is be veri well manag , '' conabl told report at jakarta airport . indonesia ha offici and privat oversea debt total 37 billion dlr , accord to the bank , which make it the third world 's sixth biggest debtor . it ha receiv 10.7 billion dlr from the world bank sinc 1968. conabl did not spell out what further chang he would like to see . last month the bank endors econom chang alreadi introduc by indonesia , but impli it want more . give a 300 mln dlr loan in balanc of payment support , the bank said it will monitor progress on implement of the govern 's trade reform measur , and support it determin to promot effici and longer-term growth . indonesia ha introduc a seri of measur sinc last may to boost non-oil export , liberalis trade and encourag outsid invest . suharto ha also order a govern committe to look into which of indonesia 's 215 state-run compani could be sold . but in a report last month , the u.s. embassi said the govern appear divid over how far to take it reform . western analyst say that in particular the govern is unsur how far to go with dismantl indonesia 's high-cost monopoli , which control core area of the economi . central bank governor arifin siregar said thi week that indonesia face veri limit econom choic . it could not spend it way out of troubl becaus thi would increas the balanc of payment deficit and domest inflat . he said the main object wa to rais export outsid the oil and natur ga sector . indonesia 's current account deficit is project by the govern to fall to 2.64 billion dlr in the come financi year which start on april 1 , from an estim 4.1 billion in 1986/87 .