nigeria chang auction rule to defend the naira nigeria 's central bank ha chang the rule govern it foreign exchang auction in what analyst see as a mean of defend the naira currenc , which ha depreci steadili . the bank said in a statement that from april 2 , bank bid for foreign exchang would have to pay at the rate they offer and not , as present , at the rate of the lowest success bid made at the auction . thi should discourag bank from bid high to ensur that they were success while pay the lower `` margin '' rate , analyst said . `` it should act as a brake becaus bank will know that if they bid high they will have to pay what they offer , '' a western diplomat comment . the naira ha depreci against the dollar by 62 pct sinc the auction , known as the second-ti foreign exchang market ( sfem ) , began last septemb 26. at last week 's session the nigerian currenc wa fix at 4.0 to the dollar , the third fall in a row . `` they were clearli worri ... and thi is the logic way of tri to stop the trend , '' the diplomat said . the central bank also announc the auction would be fortnightli , not weekli , begin on april 2. it wa not immedi clear whether next thursday' schedul session would still take place , nor if the bank wa plan to doubl the 50 mln dlr which are normal on offer at each auction . demand for foreign exchang ha consist outstrip suppli , encourag bank to bid high and thu further weaken the naira . if the normal weekli alloc is not doubl at the fortnightli session , high demand could undermin the object of the new system , analyst said . although bid bank will now pay what they offer , the offici exchang rate for the naira appli to busi transact will continu to be the margin rate -- the lowest success bid . sfem is a central part of nigeria 's structur adjust program , which is consid to be the most ambiti econom recoveri plan in black africa . the program involv set a realist exchang rate for the naira , which wa over-valu for mani year , liberalis import , boost agricultur , remov subsidi and reduc ineffici govern particip in the economi . the world bank ha play a promin part in design thi dramat blue-print and in sell it to an often sceptic public which fear inflat and lower live standard . ishrat husain , the world bank 's repres in nigeria , said yesterday he wa satisfi both with the adjust program as a whole and the foreign exchang auction . `` so far so good '' he told a meet of banker in lago , ad that onli member of nigeria 's import-depend elit would suffer hardship while the common man would benefit . fear that the program would encourag inflat were incorrect , he said . bumper harvest had reduc rural inflat and urban price had alreadi reflect the naira 's black market valu befor the currenc wa allow to find it true level last septemb .