yeutter see u.s. , japan verg on trade conflict the unit state and japan are on the brink of seriou conflict on trade , especi over semiconductor , japanes unwilling for public bodi to buy u.s. super-comput , and barrier to u.s. firm seek to particip in the eight billion dlr kansai airport project , u.s. trade repres clayton yeutter said . he wa talk to report yesterday on the eve of a two-day meet of trade minist which will review progress made by committe set up after the uruguay meet last septemb launch a new round of gatt ( gener agreement on tariff and trade ) talk . european commun ( ec ) commission willi de clercq meanwhil told report conflict between the world 's three major trade and econom power -- the ec , the u.s. and japan -- set a poor exampl for other member of gatt . australian trade minist john dawkin told the report bilater retali at the enorm expens of the rest of the world wa no way to solv trade disput . new zealand trade minist mike moor told hi colleagu great progress had been made in prepar for the current round of gatt negoti which must not be sidetrack . the minist have said they want to maintain the momentum toward fresh negoti or avert seriou trade conflict . yeutter said the problem with intern trade talk wa that they tend to get bog down for year . `` countri don't get veri seriou about negoti until the end of the day which is , mayb , five or six year in the futur . '' he also said he did not consid the new u.s. congress as protectionist as it wa 18 month ago . `` that 's a veri healthi develop , '' he ad . `` if you ask me about that a year or 18 month ago i would have said that it wa terribl protectionist . '' `` member of congress , that is the contempl member of congress , have begun to realis protection is not the answer to the 170 billion dlr trade deficit , '' yeutter said . `` they 've also begun to realis that you can not legisl solut to a 170 billion dollar trade deficit so they are more realist and , in my judgement , more respons on that issu than they were 12 or 18 month ago . '' he ad , `` whether that will be reflect in the legisl that eventu emerg is anoth matter . ''