franc ha littl room for manoeuvr , oecd say french industri is fail to produc the good it market need and it loss of competit ha left the govern littl room for manoeuvr to reflat the economi , the organis for econom cooper and develop said . with gross domest product like to grow onli 2.1 pct thi year , the same rate as last year , unemploy could climb to 11.5 pct of the workforc by mid-1988 , from it present 10.9 pct , it said in an annual review of the french economi . the report said the french economi wa `` increasingli ill-adapt to demand '' sell good at `` uncompetit rel price on both domest and export market . '' `` franc 's poor export perform reflect a geograph bia in favour of market less dynam than the averag ... and ... a substanti loss of market share ... in the past 18 month , '' it said . point to a like widen of the french trade deficit to around 2.9 billion dlr thi year from 2.4 billion in 1986 , it warn that a further depreci of the dollar against the franc could lead to `` a ( renew ) loss of competit rel not onli to the unit state but also to the newli industrialis countri . '' thi could result in further major loss of market share , particularli in the non-oecd area , which account for almost a quarter of french export , it said . until the competit abil of industri improv , the author would have `` littl scope for macroeconom manoeuvr , even if the unemploy situat or the need to encourag a pickup in invest could requir demand to grow more briskli , '' it ad . but rise unemploy could help to hold down wage demand , contribut to a slowdown in inflat to around a two pct annual rate thi year and earli next , the oecd said . written mainli in decemb last year , the report took no account of a rise in oil price earli in 1987 , and a 0.9 pct surg in januari consum price , caus partli by the govern 's deregul of servic sector tariff . `` we took a bet that the free of price would not provok runaway rise , and it is not absolut certain that bet ha been lost , '' one oecd offici comment . oecd offici said the januari data and a rise in oil price abov the 15 dlr a barrel averag assum in the report , indic an upward revis in the inflat forecast to around 2.5 or three pct . the govern last week revis it forecast up to between 2.4 and 2.5 pct from two pct , against last year 's 2.1 pct . but the oecd back the govern 's view that the underli trend for inflat remain downward thi year , with a slowdown in domest cost take over from last year' fall in oil and commod price as the chief caus of disinfl . with french unit product cost now among the lowest in the oecd area , the inflat differenti between franc and it main trade rival , west germani , could fall to just one pct thi year , it said . on the other hand , the report note , consum price for industri good and privat servic have been rise steepli as compani built up their profit . `` for the disinflationari process to continu , and price competit to becom lastingli compat with exchang rate stabil , it is essenti that wage restraint continu , '' it said .