taiwan complain about size of reserv taiwan 's foreign exchang reserv , swollen by strong trade surplus to a record 53 billion u.s. dlr , are becom a problem , govern offici said . offici figur show the latest level compar with the previou record of 51 billion dlr on march 4 and about 26 billion in late march 1986. central bank governor chang chi-cheng told report the increas in reserv wa the result of heavi intervent by the bank on the local interbank market . it bought nearli two billion u.s. dlr between march 5 and 23 , he said . wang chao-m , vice chairman of the govern 's council for econom plan and develop , told reuter the rise reserv were `` a big headach for taiwan . '' he said the govern expect heavier pressur from the u.s. , where protectionist bill are be propos against nation such as taiwan and japan with larg trade surplus with the u.s. wang said the govern would launch new measur within the next two month to further reduc import tariff and open the market wider to foreign product , especi those from the u.s. wang said the measur aim at help reduc taiwan 's trade surplu , which rose to 2.73 billion u.s. dlr in the first two month of 1987 from 2.02 billion a year earlier . nearli 90 pct of the surplu wa with the u.s. vice econom minist wang chien-shien agre with wang' remark and said effort to avert u.s. protection were run out of time . `` we must do it quickli or face retali from washington , '' he said . he said the measur would includ remov of trade barrier on insur and inland servic for u.s. compani . chang chi-cheng said the central bank could not stop buy u.s. dollar becaus of heavi sale by local export who fear the strong local dollar will caus them exchang loss . he said the bank is studi revis of the foreign exchang rule in hope of further reduc currenc control , but declin to give detail . the taiwan dollar ha risen about 15 pct against the u.s. dollar sinc septemb 1985. it open at 34.38 to the u.s. dollar today and is expect to rise further to 33 in june and to 32 by end-year , some foreign banker said .