australian minist see target oil tax strategi australia 's crude oil tax strategi is probabl best tackl in term of a target rather than broadly-bas approach , feder resourc and energi minist gareth evan told a meet here . he told the australian petroleum explor associ ( apea ) annual confer there wa a prospect of develop a packag that would recognis the govern 's econom prioriti while also meet some of the industri 's concern . evan wa refer to a nearli complet govern review of oil taxat . evan said there were plenti of exampl where target approach to oil industri taxat had produc good result in recent year . these includ the reduct in the top margin crude excis rate on 'old ' bass strait oil found befor septemb 1975 to 80 pct from 87 pct , and the waiver of excis on onshor oil announc last septemb , he said . the industri , through the apea , ha been call for the elimin of secondari taxat on oil in order to boost incent for prospect against a background of weak price and australia 's rel low explor level . `` while nobodi want to add further unnecessari complex to an alreadi complex taxat regim , i am inclin to favour these kind of tailor approach ahead of sweep chang , which leav ( govern ) revenu much reduc and may still leav a lot of uncertainti as to what individu compani are go to do in major area , '' evan said . he said the govern did not intend to chang it resourc rent taxat ( rrt ) legisl , now befor parliament , in respons to industri call to allow all explor expenditur in a given area to be deduct . as previous report , rrt is a tax of 40 pct limit to highli prospect offshor area , base on profit after a certain rate of return ha been achiev for individu project . apea ha said it is not a true profit-bas tax becaus explor deduct is limit to success project . evan said the decis not to chang rrt wa base more than anyth on the govern 's desir to ensur the certainti and stabil of the new regim , ad that major invest have alreadi been plan on the exist ground rule .