dollar drop seen as test of pari agreement the sharp drop in the valu of the dollar against the yen and the mark is the first seriou test of last month 's group of five ( g-5 ) plu canada agreement to stabilis currenc , dealer and bank economist said . `` the dollar will be push down until there is coordin central bank intervent , '' one dealer for a german bank said , echo widepread sentiment in the market . but opinion wa divid on whether the unit front forg in pari still exist . some dealer said there were grow sign the unit state want the dollar to fall further . despit repeat bank of japan intervent , the dollar plung to a post-war low in tokyo today . it wa quot as low as 148.40 yen in the far east and dealer here said they expect the u.s. currenc to declin further . `` the dollar is now firmli within a broad 140 to 150 yen rang , '' chase bank ag 's senior dealer eckhart hager said . other said there were technic reason for the sharp dollar drop . `` window-dress '' oper by some japanes compani who were sell dollar and buy yen befor the end of the japanes fiscal year on march 31 were undermin the u.s. currenc . dealer said main reason for the sell-off wa not technic . u.s. treasuri secretari jame baker 's comment the pari accord did not have fix dollar target wa seen as a renew attempt by the u.s. administr to talk the dollar down . `` suddenli , support level which had exist for fear of central bank intervent disappear , '' one dealer said . the bank of japan wa believ to have bought some 1.5 billion dlr , and thi with comment by japanes offici indic tokyo wa unhappi about the plung , dealer said . bank of japan governor satoshi sumita threaten central bank intervent if necessari . japanes financ minist kiichi miyazawa said today the time had come for the six nation who agre in pari last month to stabilis currenc - japan , britain , canada , franc , the u.s. and west germani - to take action in line with the pact . but the bundesbank and other european central bank were not detect in the open market dure the european morn . opinion here wa divid on when the bundesbank would act . while some said the west german central bank would support the dollar onc it fell below 1.80 mark , other said the bundesbank would onli interven after a fall below 1.75 mark or if the declin acceler . the bundesbank last interven on januari 27 , when the dollar threaten to fall below 1.81 mark . `` the japanes seem to be on their own at the moment , '' one dealer said . other said cooper between central bank and govern wa easier said than done . some said baker 's remark and u.s. trade repres clayton yeutter 's warn that the u.s. and japan were on the verg of a seriou trade conflict show there wa a rift . `` it 's hard to tell whether the g-6 agreement still stand , '' a dealer said . anoth ad , `` if the american do not get what they want , they will push the dollar down , regardless of g-6 . '' citibank ag also cast doubt on the chanc of success for the pari agreement in it latest invest letter . `` it is hard to see that japan and germani are will or abl to loosen fiscal polici suffici to offset the necessari u.s. fiscal contract , '' citibank said . it ad , `` market should therefor be awar that 1.80 mark is not the lower limit for the dollar -- a rate of 1.70 mark or even less is expect thi year . '' and london broker hoar govett said in it march 1987 econom report , `` we are look for a further , more gradual , fall , possibl to 1.60 mark by the end of the year . '' but opinion about whether the pari accord wa still in forc wa not univers . some dealer said not too much should be read into baker 's and yeutter 's comment . `` there is no reason to believ the pari pact ha broken down , '' a senior dealer said .