sterl outlook cloud by test of pari accord the move by foreign exchang market to test the strength of the pari currenc accord ha thrown into question the near-term outlook for sterl , until recent one of the main beneficiari of the agreement , analyst said . sinc the six-nat accord last month , sterl ha risen sharpli , ad almost five pct on it trade-weight index . while the accord effect stifl dollar/yen and dollar/mark movement , the market turn their attent to sterl as foreign investor rush to take advantag of rel high u.k. interest rate . but analyst say the pound ha been sidelin by the first tent test of the pari accord seen yesterday . the market now look set sooner or later to push the dollar down further in a test of the willing of central bank to interven . analyst say if the bank do not interven effect , the pari accord could collaps . `` on balanc , sterl would be a net suffer if g-6 collaps , '' phillip and drew analyst stephen lewi said . he said sterl would lose out as market turn their attent to capit movement wherea previous they had been restrict to look onli at the interest yield on currenc . howev , although most analyst and foreign exchang dealer were forecast a brief period of consolid or even retrac for sterl , none were expect a veri sharp drop in the u.k. currenc . sterl remain support by optim on the u.k. polit and econom outlook , firmer oil price and rel high interest rate , they said . bullish sentiment on the u.k. econom outlook ha been run especi high after last week 's budget , seen as popular both with the market and with british voter . sterl wa also support by sign of a weaken in the west german and japanes economi , where growth for 1987 is trail behind the three pct forecast for the u.k. recent opinion poll show britain 's rule conserv parti ahead of opposit parti in popular have also support the pound . in addit , sterl ha so far shrug off two half-point cut in u.k. bank base lend rate in less than two week . a further half-point cut , wide expect in the next week or so , ha alreadi been larg discount . u.k. base rate , now run at 10 pct , are still rel high compar to other western countri , and analyst said a further base rate cut to 9-1/2 pct wa unlik to affect sterl . sterl today appear resili to the dollar 's declin , drop onli slightli on a cross-rat basi . worri about renew turbul in the foreign exchang market , howev , were reflect in the u.k. govern bond ( gilt ) market , where price drop by up to 5/16 point . until now foreign investor interest in the gilt market ha been one of the major reason behind the rise in sterl . dealer said they expect the pound to hold quietli steadi for the next few day while the market await further develop on the dollar and thi thursday 's u.k. current account figur for februari . market forecast are for a deficit of around 250 mln stg after januari 's small surplu .