cyacq cut condit on cyclop & lt ; cyl > bid cyacq corp , an investor group bid for cyclop corp , said it amend it outstand 92.50 dlr a share tender offer for cyclop to elimin two condit and modifi a third one . the group , which includ audio/video affili inc and a unit of citicorp & lt ; cci > , said it also obtain addit financ commit , includ an increas commit from citicorp capit investor ltd. the condit that were elimin are cyacq 's request for non-publ inform about cyclop that wa previous provid to dixon group plc and cyacq 's be satisifi that the inform provid an adequ basi for cyclop' publish financi project . cyclop ha agre to be acquir dixon group , which ha a 90.25 dlr a share tender offer for cyclop outstand . dixon said earlier it would allow the offer to expir tonight . the condit that wa modifi , which requir cyacq to be satisfi that break up fee or other oblig to dixon were rescind or ineffect , now say cyclop shall not have paid ani such fee or expens to dixon prior to the consumm of cyacq 's offer . cyacq 's amend offer expir midnight new york time on april three , 1987 , unless extend . manufactur hanov trust co and cit group/busi credit inc increas it tender offer commit to 197 mln dlr from 166 mln dlr and it merger commit to 275 mln dlr from 250 mln dlr . addit , the citicorp unit and audio/video have increas their commit to cyacq to 185 mln dlr . of the new total , 150 mln dlr ha been commit by citicorp . cyacq said it estim that it need 407.5 mln dlr to buy all cyclop share that may be tender and pay relat fee and expens . it said it is seek to arrang the balanc of about 25.5 mln dlr necessari to complet the offer . all previous announc condit regard the lend group led by manufactur hanov remain in effect , except that the loan are subject to the concurr receipt by cyacq of equiti contribut and other financ of not less than 210.5 mln dlr for the tender offer facil and 213.5 mln dlr for the merger facil . cyacq also said the citicorp unit had receiv no indic of interest in an altern offer it had made from dixon , cyclop or alleghani corp & lt ; y > , which ha agre to acquir cyclop ' industri group from dixon . under the altern offer , the citicorp unit , with cyacq 's approv , propos to acquir the industri group from dixon .