illinoi co-op futur dissolut vote set the sharehold of illinoi cooper futur co. , the futur trade arm of mani midwest farm cooper for more than 25 year , will vote wednesday on it possibl dissolut . the director of the compani call a special meet and recommend it dissolut last month , cite fall volum and increas cost . sourc close to the organ told reuter the pullout of growmark , inc. , which hold more than 70 pct of the capit stock , led to the call for dissolut . the possibl demis of the cooper ha set clear hous scrambl for the trade busi of the 85 region and local cooper that compris it membership . iron , it wa growmark , at that time a region farm cooper with major river termin elev , that found illinoi cooper futur on decemb 1 , 1960. but growmark becam affili last year with archer daniel midland of decatur , ill. , and market it grain through a joint subsidiari of the two compani , adm/growmark . with that relationship , growmark no longer need to trade futur through the cooper , said tom mulligan , presid of the co-op . membership in the compani , which mulligan term a cooper of cooper , ha declin from 99 in 1982. a notabl loss wa agriindustri of iowa , which becam affili with cargil , inc. illinoi co-op 's other member includ such region cooper as indiana grain , base in indianapoli , goldkist , of atlanta , ga. , midstat in toledo , ohio , farmland industri in kansa citi , mo. , farmer commod , de moin , and harvest state in minneapoli . some observor said the demis of illinoi cooper futur co. is a seriou blow to the cooper system . instead of band togeth , the individu cooper are forc to go their own way , said the floor manag of one cash hous at the chicago board of trade . such a move would destroy the cohes that give farm cooper an advantag in the market at a time that a few major commerci compani are grow domin , he said . don hane , vice presid for commun with the nation council of farm cooper , said 5,600 cooper exist today , down from 6,700 five year ago . `` the period we 've gone through in the past five year ha been quit a crunch , '' he said . `` there 's been a lot of consolid in the market co-op . '' one problem , he said , is the co-op sell the grain to the major commerci for export , rather than export it themselv , lose potenti profit . but export grain requir heavi invest , and the multi-million-dollar loss post six year ago by farmer export co. , a co-op set up to export grain , serv `` to make folk gun-shi , '' hane said . mulligan said he believ the dissolut , if it is approv , is a result of chang in the futur industri rather than a chang in u.s. agricultur econom . a grain dealer at one member co-op said the futur arm `` wa a conveni , someth that save us a littl bit of money . ( it dissolut ) will forc us to chang our way of do busi . '' `` we 're sorri to see the co-op go by the waysid , '' he said . `` but there are lot of peopl out there to do busi with . there are plenti of capabl firm . '' steven w. cavanaugh , vice presid for grain market with indiana grain , said he would prefer to trade futur through a chicago-bas cooper . `` in term of clear our busi as a unit as oppos to individu , there would be econom save , '' he said but ad , `` the time chang and with chang time , come differ opinion of what busi ought to be around . '' cavanaugh said the possibl demis of the futur arm had noth to do with it profit . `` i would guarante you that thi compani is not in troubl . it is a sound , healthi organ . '' in the year end februari 28 , 1986 , the illinoi cooper report incom of 10.2 mln dlr and members' equiti , or net worth , of 8.3 mln dlr . the annual report for the most recent year ha not been file . under the cooper system , incom from oper is return as `` patronag refund '' to the member . incom and refund in the past five year have been declin . in the year end februari 28 , 1982 , the co-op report incom of 17.4 mln dlr and patronag refund of 17.0 mln dlr . patronag refund in the year end februari 28 , 1986 , total 9.5 mln dlr . `` you 're deal with substanti lower volum , '' mulligan said . `` lower volum translat into higher cost . '' accord to the compani 's 1986 annual report , growmark own 90 pct of the prefer share and four pct of the common share of illinoi cooper futur co. mulligan declin to specul on how much of the capit growmark is entitl to . he said he could not determin the figur unless the sharehold decid in favor of dissolut . equiti is distribut accord to each member 's trade volum and , as a result , chang from year to year . howev , mulligan said the compani could continu to meet minimum capit requir to trade futur even if growmark pull out .