cocoa buffer stock accord closer , deleg say the intern cocoa organ ( icco ) move closer to an agreement on buffer stock rule , with mani deleg say they expect to reach an accord by friday . `` everyon is convinc the buffer stock rule should be in place by friday so the buffer stock can be put into oper monday , '' a consum deleg said . `` the atmospher is excel . '' other deleg said the buffer stock might not be oper by monday but could be in place by around april 1 , if the rule are agre by friday . a detail packag on how the buffer stock manag will buy and sell cocoa wa present to a buffer stock work group thi afternoon -- a big step toward a `` veri interest stage of negoti , '' deleg said . the packag , base on negoti principl inform agre by deleg , ha been forg bit by bit dure fortnight-long meet by icco execut director kobena erbynn and a small group of other deleg . produc , the european commun ( ec ) and consum are schedul to consid the paper separ and then jointli tomorrow . under the propos , the buffer stock manag would buy cocoa from origin or the second-hand market on an offer system . he would alert the market via news agenc as to when he want to buy cocoa and includ shipment detail and tonnag desir , deleg said . the manag would buy cocoa on a competit basi , rather than choos the cheapest cocoa as befor , give prefer to icco member-countri export . standard price differenti would be fix for each origin , similar to golf handicap , to determin the rel competit of offer of variou cocoa from differ origin , they said . the differenti could be review at the request of a member countri or recommend of the buffer stock manag , the deleg said . revis would be decid by a major vote of the icco council . buffer stock purchas from non-icco member countri would not be allow to exceed 10 pct of the total buffer stock , they said . the purchas would be limit to 5,000 tonn of cocoa per day and 20,000 tonn per week , and could be bought in nearbi , intermedi and forward posit , they ad . one of the underli idea of the rule packag is `` transpar , '' mean virtual all the buffer stock manager' market activ will be public and he will have as littl discret as possibl , deleg said . after the tin market collaps in 1985 , when the intern tin council buffer stock ran out of fund , cocoa deleg are anxiou to instal safeguard in the cocoa market mechan , they said . earnest debat on the buffer stock propos is expect to begin late tomorrow , as deleg feel the pressur of the approach friday deadlin , when the icco meet is due to adjourn , deleg said . the icco fail to agre buffer stock rule in januari when the new intern cocoa agreement came into forc . the exist buffer stock of 100,000 tonn of cocoa wa frozen in place with it bank balanc of 250 mln dlr -- both untouch until rule are agre . though the current semi-annu council meet is not the last chanc for deleg to cement buffer stock rule , produc are keen to get the wheel of the market-stabil mechan turn to stem the declin in world price , deleg said .