canada vow to fight u.s. potash action extern affair minist joe clark today vow to do everyth possibl to fight the u.s. action against canadian potash export , but also warn against rais the alarm too earli in the disput . in the latest flashpoint in canadian-u.s. trade relat , the u.s. intern trade commiss rule unanim monday that canadian potash shipment valu at 270 million u.s. dlr last year were injur the u.s. industri . `` we certainli intend to do everyth we can to insur that canadian interest are well protect , '' clark told the hous of common in the daili question period . but he said the opposit parti should be care `` not to rais fals alarm too earli . '' the case now goe befor the u.s. commerc department' trade divis to determin if a duti should be impos . potash produc from new mexico , claim unfair govern subsidi , are seek a 43 pct tariff on canada 's shipment . canada , the world 's largest potash produc , export 9.8 mln metric tonn of potash last year , with nearli a third go to the u.s. most of the potash , use in the product of fertil , come from provinci own mine in saskatchewan . in the common , liber member lloyd axworthi brand the rule as just anoth `` trade harrass '' from the u.s. and critic clark 's assur the countri 's interest would be protect . `` we receiv exactli the same kind of assur in the softwood lumber case that wa total fumbl and bumbl , '' axworthi said . canada 's progress conserv govern agre to impos a 15 pct duti on it softwood lumber export earlier thi year to end a long and bitter bilater trade disput with the u.s. axworthi urg the govern to present canada 's case to world trade author under the gener agreement on tariff and trade . but clark maintain the potash disput wa anoth exampl of whi canada need to find a new way to settl bilater irrit in the free trade negoti under way with the u.s. `` what we are seek to do is put in place a better system , '' clark said . meanwhil , saskatchewan trade minist bob andrew express confid canada would win it case , claim the problem stem from low intern commod price and not govern subsidi . `` the realiti of the problem and the injuri is caus worldwid , '' he said . `` it 's caus by a downturn in the commod price for fertil , whether it 's potash fertil , nitrogen fertil or whatev . ''