yen may rise to 140 to the dlr , nikkeiren say the yen could rise to 140 yen to the dollar , a lead japanes businessman said . bumpei otsuki , presid of the influenti japan feder of employ ' associ , ( nikkeiren ) , told report : `` the yen might rise as far as 140 ( to the dollar ) . the u.s. economi is not good , and as long as the u.s. economi is not good , the u.s. will put variou pressur ( on japan ) . '' `` the yen 's level depend on the condit of the u.s. economi rather than japan 's economi , and as long as the american situat is bad , the yen will continu to rise , '' he said . to cope with the neg impact of the strong yen , japanes enterpris must strive to cut cost by all mean , includ hold down wage as much as possibl , otsuki said . he reject recent call from some govern quarter for wage increas thi year as a mean of rais privat consumpt and thu boost domest demand . `` we have to keep wage as low as possibl , '' he said . he also said the yen 's larg and rapid rise is depress the outlook for the japanes economi , note that in addit to hurt export it is also damag domest market manufactur through cheap import . part of the servic sector are also threaten , otsuki said . tertiari industri provid servic to manufactur and a downturn in manufactur profit will advers affect servic industri , he said . it is also doubt whether the tertiari sector can fulli employ those put out of work in the manufactur sector , he said . profit of servic sector compani are like to fall in the busi year end in march 1988 , lead to a possibl recess in the japanes economi , he said . otsuki said econom growth is unlik to pick up beyond level experienc in 1986. the govern 's econom plan agenc said last week the economi grew at 2.5 pct in 1986 , the worst perform sinc 1974 when the economi shrank 1.4 pct due to the first oil price crisi . in order to stimul domest demand and boost the economi , tax reform aim at bring down the cost of land and reform the nation 's hous stock are need , along with step to bring down the high cost of commod , he said .