china call for better trade deal with u.s. china call on the unit state to remov curb on it export , to give it favour trade statu and eas restrict on export of high technolog . but the u.s. embassi repli that chines figur show 13 year of trade deficit with the u.s. out of the last 15 are inaccur and said peke itself would have to persuad congress to chang law which limit it export . the offici intern busi newspap today publish china 's demand in a editori to coincid with the visit of u.s. secretari of state georg shultz . `` it is extrem import that the u.s. market reduc it restrict on chines import , provid the need facil for them and businessmen from both side help to expand chines export , '' the editori said . `` the u.s. should quickli discard it prejudic against favour tariff treatment for chines good and admit china into the generalis system of prefer ( gsp ) . `` despit eas of curb on u.s. technolog export in recent year , control of them is still extrem strict and influenc normal trade between the two countri , '' it ad the paper also print an articl by china 's commerci counsellor in it washington embassi , chen shibiao , who said that `` all kind of difficulti and restrict '' were prevent bilater trade fulfil it full potenti . he name them as u.s. protectionist behaviour , curb on technolog transfer and out-of-d trade legisl . the paper also print a tabl show that , sinc bilater trade began in 1972 , china ha had a deficit everi year except 1972 and 1977. it show the 1986 and 1985 deficit at 2.09 billion and 1.722 billion dlr . a u.s. embassi offici said the u.s. did not accept peke 's trade figur at all , mainli becaus they exclud good ship to hong kong and then trans-ship to u.s. while u.s. figur are base on countri of origin . he said that , if china want to obtain gsp statu , it will have to lobbi congress itself to persaud it to amend sever law which current prevent peke get such statu . the u.s. trade act of 1974 say that to qualifi for gsp , china must be a member of the gener agreement of tariff and trade ( gatt ) , for which it appli in juli 1986 , and `` not be domin or control by intern commun . '' the offici said china wa well awar of the law , some of which date to the anti-communist earli 1950 's , but that there is not suffici polit will in the u.s. to chang them . china ha been the subject of about a dozen case involv anti-dump in the u.s. within the last two year , which the u.s. side won , he said . but , for the first time , china sign last week an agreement which it itself initi to voluntarili restrain export of at least two categori of steel good , which may lead the u.s. side to withdraw the anti-dump case , he ad . anoth diplomat said willing to provid such voluntari export restraint would be an import issu in bilater trade issu and in peke 's applic to gatt . `` china ha the potenti to disrupt world market , especi in textil . other gatt countri will be nervou about china in thi respect . but there is a preced for other central plan economi in gatt , '' the diplomat said . poland , czechoslovakia , hungari and romania are member of gatt but none ha china 's massiv market potenti for import or it vast labour pool to produc cheap export . in a speech today in the northeast citi of dalian , u.s. secretari of state georg shultz said hi countri welcom china 's interest in particip in gatt . `` the process of chines access will not be accomplish overnight -- the gatt rule were not design for a larg economi of the chines type , '' shultz said . `` china can play an import role by activ join gatt discuss seek to expand gener trade opportun and enhanc market access for export worldwid . china can further develop it foreign trade system so as to gain the maximum benefit from it gatt particip , '' he said . the problem face u.s.-china trade and gatt membership are similar -- a price system which mani foreign businessmen regard as arbitrari and not relat to actual cost , especi for export , and a de facto dual currenc system . in a memorandum back it applic present to gatt last month , china said it wa gradual reform it econom system and replac mandatori instruct with `` guidanc plan '' and econom lever . the diplomat said that , to join gatt , china had much to do .