south africa problem remain despit debt pact south africa 's new foreign debt agreement spark a ralli in local financi market , but banker and economist said the pact remov onli one sourc of anxieti from a still depress economi . `` we have not gone from 'no confid ' to 'full confidence' yet , '' comment one banker , who saw the agreement as have margin influenc on fundament econom problem . money market analyst cite the debt renegoti as the main impetu behind increas today in both the commerci and financi rand . the commerci rand , use for current account transact , rose 0.5 ct to 49 u.s. ct while the financi rand jump nearli two ct to 33 u.s. ct . all equiti and fix invest flow of foreign take place through the financi rand , which is consid the main baromet of south africa 's attract to oversea investor . analyst predict the debt arrang plu further gain in the gold price could push the commerci rand over 50 u.s. ct and the financi rand to 35 cent in the next few week . they said the financi rand in particular wa be driven by a tent provis in the new debt agreement that could favor affect the currenc . foreign creditor may get permiss to convert loan balanc and short-term claim into equiti invest in south africa . financ minist barend du plessi said the reserv bank wa `` investig the implic of such convers in light of term and restrict of the financi rand system . '' du plessi in disclos the new agreement last night said the recent sharp rise in the financi rand wa an exampl that `` some foreign investor are again take a more realist view of south africa . '' term of the debt agreement call for south africa to repay 1.42 billion dlr of 13 billion dlr of frozen debt over the next three year . the agreement extend a standstil arrang , expir june 30 , that ha been in place sinc august , 1985. banker said the repay amount essenti confirm their privat estim and could be comfort met by the monetari author . `` they ( creditor ) ask for the maximum amount and we offer the minimum , '' said one bank sourc , react to report from london that creditor were hope for larger repay . reserv bank governor gerhard de kock said south africa should have `` no difficulti whatsoev '' with the term . economist said the debt agreement would have no signific impact on econom problem continu to face south africa includ high rate of inflat and unemploy , labour unrest and polit uncertainti . johannesburg stock exchang presid toni norton , speak yesterday befor the debt agreement , said the economi wa `` in bad shape '' and there wa `` an aw lot of talk but littl action '' to cure seriou problem .