energy/u. . oil output energi secretari john herrington ha propos sever way to boost u.s. oil product , but he said all would cost the treasuri money and will come under close white hous scrutini befor action is taken . one measur he said he favor would rais the deplet allow to 27.5 pct on new oil and ga product as well as product use enhanc extract method . herrington said such a plan would cost 200 mln dlr a year . the white hous , react , said it did not favor amend the tax code , but would look at the propos . herrington 's propos to spur product were made along with the releas last week of the energi depart 's report on energi and the nation secur . the report said u.s. oil import , rapidli rise , could hit 50 pct by the mid 1990 and have potenti damag implic for nation secur . he ha said sinc in speech and at news confer that ani plan he would back to spur lag domest oil product would have to meet three criteria -- increas product , not caus econom disloc , and be low cost to the taxpay . herrington said an import fee would meet the first test , spur product but fail the second and third . he said it would rais product and return 120,000 oil worker to their job , but at the same time it lift oil price , the higher price would cost 400,000 job nationwid and cut the gross nation product by 32 billion dlr . a tax on gasolin , he said , would fail the first criteria by not increas domest product . in ani case , u.s. offici say , presid reagan remain firmli oppos to an import fee and a gasolin tax . option which meet herrington 's criteria includ : - loan-pric guarante to shield bank from default by borrow becaus of lower oil price . it wa estim that if oil fell to five dlr a barrel it could trigger default that could cost the govern an estim 15 billion dlr . - a five pct tax credit for explor and develop . it would rais oil and ga product the equival of 325,000 barrel a day , at a cost of 740 mln dlr a year . - a five pct credit onli for geolog and geophys expenditur . it would increas product by 80,000 barrel a day , at a cost of 65 mln dlr . - lower bid minimum on outer continent shelf acreag to spur explor . a drop from the present 150 dlr per acr for the typic 5,760 acr tract to 25 dlr per acr would lower the cost of the standard tract leas to 144,000 dlr . herrington also press anew for exist administr propos to deregul natur ga , which he said would cut the need for import oil by 300,000 barrel daili . he also call again for congression approv to explor off the continent shelf , which may hold more than 12 billion barrel of oil , and the arctic nation wildlif refug , which may hold nine billion barrel . herrington said he understood the reagan 's reluct to amend the newli enact tax code to fund some of these propos , but ad he hope hi depart 's energy/secur studi would make a strong case for the need to help the struggl domest oil industri . anoth move herrington said he will press anew , even though it had been reject earlier by the white hous , is to rais the fill-rat for the strateg petroleum reserv to 100,000 barrel a day from it plan 1988 rate of 35,000. thi , he said , would further bolster nation secur in case of an oil-suppli disrupt .