u.s. secur group back insid restraint the secur industri associ back a varieti of restraint on insid trade and hostil corpor takeov and ask congress to defin insid trade in law . the industri trade associ call on u.s. secur firm to take step to protect sensit corpor secret to guard against illeg trade by employe . the associ also back broad feder restrict on a varieti of tactic use in hostil corpor takeov . but it said invest bank firm should be allow to continu to engag in both arbitrag and merger and acquisit activ so long as those function were kept separ . the sia , in a report adopt yesterday by it board of director , back a higher enforc budget for the feder secur and exchang commiss and call on u.s. stock exchang to beef up their supervis of member brokerag . the report said secur firm `` should be more rigor in restrict sensit inform on a need-to-know basi . '' it said firm should train their employe to understand the need for confidenti of market-sensit inform . it said legisl to defin insid trade should avoid expand current law in a way that would imped the market . it said an insid trade definit should exempt a secur firm from liabil for law violat by it employe unless the firm had particip in or wa awar of the wrongdo . in the merger and acquisit area , the associ advoc a ban on greenmail payment or poison pill takeov protect plan without prior sharehold approv . it said a group or individu buy up a compani 's stock should be requir to file a public disclosur statement befor acquir more than five pct of the compani 's share . under current law , disclosur may be made as late as ten day after exceed the five pct limit . the associ said all purchas exceed 20 pct of a compani 's vote stock shoul be made onli through a tender offer open to all sharehold . under current law there is no limit on open market purchas . the group said the feder govern should preempt state regul of defens takeov tactic . the group said all tender offer should remain open for at least 30 calendar day . the current requir is express in busi day . it said so-cal `` lockup '' devic , in which secur are issu to a friendli investor to seal a takeov deal or fend off an unfriendli predat should be limit to 18.5 pct of the target compani 's total common stock . associ presid edward o'brien said the group act out of concern over the ad hoc restructur of corpor america on wall street and investor fear about insid trade and fair in the marketplac .