gencorp & lt ; gy > bid could be rais , group say an investor group said it might be will to rais it 100 dlr per share offer for gencorp but so far the compani ha turn down request for a meet . `` we might be abl to see some addit valu if we could meet '' and get more financi data , said joel reed , speak for the investor group . reed told reuter that gencorp chairman a. william reynold `` wa not interest in sit down and talk with us at thi time . '' cyril wagner sought the meet in a recent telephon convers with reynold , reed said . wagner and brown , along with afg industri inc & lt ; afg > , recent launch a surpris tender offer for gencorp . the offer is worth 2.23 billion dlr . reed said under the circumst the 100 dlr per share tender offer , which expir april 15 , is a fair offer . gencorp gain 3-1/2 to 114 today on the nyse . reed outlin a plan to reshap gencorp in the event hi group win control . he said aerospac , soft drink bottl and entertain unit are potenti divestitur candid . he said the tire busi , which the group want to keep , may be more viabl if merg with anoth tire compani . `` one option would be to tri to grow the tire busi through combin or an acquisit , '' reed said . he said he believ such a merger could creat a stronger forc in the tire industri . gari miller , chief financi offic of afg , said hi compani ha a record of acquir matur busi and boost product . autom and incent tie to profit share have been use with success , he said . in the case of gencorp 's rko gener broadcast station , reed said the plan of the partner is to step into gencorp' shoe and proceed with plan to sell the station . the partner said if they suc in acquir gencorp they intend to consumm sale of wor-tv in new york to mca inc & lt ; mca > . gencorp last year enter into an agreement to sell the station for 387 mln dlr . the partner also said if they acquir gencorp they would also proceed with the propos sale of khj-tv in lo angel to walt disney co & lt ; di > . rko gener would receiv 217 mln dlr and fidelilti televis , which challeng the licens , would get about 103 mln dlr . the partner also said the feder commun commiss establish an expedit schedul for receiv comment on their request for special temporari author of propos trust arrang while the fcc consid a formal applic for transfer of the broadcast unit . reed said he wa pleas with the expedit schedul becaus it provid time for the agenc to act on the request befor the expir of the tender offer . he said it wa the aim of the partner to move as quickli as possibl to elimin uncertainti surround the station . ask about critic of the takeov attempt voic by some municip offici in akron , ohio , where gencorp is headquart , reed said , `` the plan of the partner offer long term growth for ohio . '' he note that the aerospac busi , slate for divestitur under the partner ' plan , is locat in california . `` our program is one that overal would provid the greatest long term growth for all segment , '' he said .